You know what I do is to write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the car for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a science.
I can be able to be able to be able to look at a fragment, or with a course of body, and no one has been able to get a fragment.
I'm here today to talk to you about crashes and standards.
And you know that a usually is something that was going into some place.
You just have to go back to the sea to see it as a statement.
That is the piece of a criminal.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Boston.
This is the kind of complicated chart that I'm going to talk about.
My career started in the middle of the middle in the middle school, in Stanford, Alex where I was the rest of the class.
And they were going to go up until they were going to get every week in the bottom of the kids, until a teacher came to me the life.
She saved my life to allow you to go into the base of the teacher room.
I did it in secret ...
For three years, for three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a publisher, and 25 dollars and I ended up in San Francisco -- California -- I found a love -- and in the 1970s, I felt the need to begin to work in organizations that were going to work against the DNA.
About three or four years ago, half of the night I got a phone called the show of that teacher -- the search point that he said, "I need to see.
I'm destroyed that we have never got to know it.
You could come to Orlan, and please bring that man I know you've already found up.
And I have to tell you that I have cancer cancer, and I would like you to go up with this by the face.
Well, the next day we were in California.
We went to see it, we went on, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, and we tried it, and we put it out of his family, because it was necessary -- because it was need.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so as the woman I wanted to know as an adult was going to know, it became a car box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the graph had been coming up, it had become a computer -- and that exploration that I talked to you about itself.
The employee is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, and I was going to go out of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty and I'm very happy that I was talking a lot about this.
It also needs -- it needs distribution, love and playing it, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an art, the connection is very important for me.
through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not supporting the nature of nature and that everything is interesting.
I was for the first time at the Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first transportations.
I was absolutely addicted.
My heart.
You put them up to me around the water.
The transportations are born when you get out of the graphics or you get the ice banks.
Every top has their own individual person.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experience.
Some of them are going to come up and get up to the end, while others can't be able to get it more and they were coming up in a distance of distribution.
It's easy to think, when you see a transparent, which are straight straight and simple, in great measure as we see us sometimes as human as humans as human.
But the reality is the whole thing.
And as you get a transparency, I am getting up their old attention.
And as you get a little bit of the literally red water water in the minds that feed many forms of life.
I was going to photograph these transparency as if it would be about the challenges of my ancestors -- knowing that in these unique moments there are in that way, and they won't go back in that way again.
It's not the death when they go down, it's not an end, but a context of their way for the cycle of life.
And part of the ice of the terrorists that photograph is a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100 years.
The last pictures that I would like to show you is from a transparency that photograph in Kenya, George.
It's a little bit about to get to be actually going to try to try to get a really short one.
Here they are.
You can see the left a little bomb.
It's about five feet.
And I would like you to pay attention to the form of the transparency and their flowers of flower.
You can see here, it starts to replace, the boat has moved into the other side and the man is there.
This is a transparency of Germany, and this is an average signal.
So the water of the water about a hundred feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so, the transparency shows a different side of their personal person.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two pieces in 2004.
So two legs every one with a baby with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of the consequence, because if you start to think about the conference in yes, you're not going to pay attention.
We think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in one case, the career and the hope is going to be the X-ray of the volunteer.
And in the other case, the number of the top of the hope is going to be the X-ray of the volunteer.
And both of them are going to be the life.
We're going to talk about them.
In my activity I was going to be able to put two robots.
In one of my rules, I work with the story of the architecture.
I am a story and what I study in this case is the way people are going to have the advantage -- to say, of human bodies and animals -- how have you considered the body fluids, the idea of the body -- the idea of the body.
The other robot that I make up in my work is the activity, as definition of patients or as I say sometimes the impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've been working with people who are physical challenges of the social nations.
I've been working on, for example, with support graphs, two people within a body.
I've worked with people with surgeons, people much more low than the medicine.
And I've worked with many cases of people with sexual sex.
In general lines we can call it sensitivity.
So it makes a lot of different ways.
I'm going to put you some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't get care of the form of male or filmmakers.
For example, this is the case of the individuals with a carbon called the Christmas General General and he says to the proteins, that we all have in the physical life, that they become transparent.
And then, in the current life, the teachers produce teachers.
But because this individual comes out of terrorism records, the body doesn't reduce the same.
It is the secret of institutions to the advantages.
So, there are high levels of terrorism, but without relationships.
As a result, the body has been developed by the foundation of a very favorite course.
When it is, the baby has a little bit of child.
It's a child. It's created as a child.
And often it's not but to the policy, when it is growing and develop the senses, but it doesn't have the mental personality, when someone is going to realize that something is going on.
And after making it exceptions you realize that instead of having the websites and you actually have transparency and a career and a career and a career.
The important thing to understand is that you can think about a man, but it's actually not like that.
The women, like men, we have the body in the body called supporting supporting.
They're at the top of the body.
The supporting galaxies produce an antibiotics, the horse of the market.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- you don't know your criminal structure -- I think to be a typical woman most women like me as they are sensitive to them.
We produce antibiotics and we respond to them.
As a result, someone like I have the most successful brain to the advantages that the woman who was born with transparency that has the secret of institutions to the advantages.
So the sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the intelligence are in the middle of the space, in some way can be everywhere.
Another example, a few years ago, I got a call from a 18 years old, and I grew up as a volume, and I had non-sea, and he had sexual relationships with it, he took a life as a guy and I just found out that he had touch and terrorist.
It had a strange form of an disease of a known disease as a little bit of it.
He had 200 and in the course of the support and the support galaxies were so active that in essentially they created a market environment.
As a result, their genetic was market, his brain was put up to the human computer company.
I was born with a child of kids, no one supposed anything.
And it was at the age of 18 years when he started to have medical problems made by the inner mechanics, when the doctors found that in fact, it was woman in the way.
Well, another example from a case of selection.
Some people with 200 people develop what you know as a violence, which is to say, they have a traditional terrorist in the terrifying time.
We don't know why that happens.
So there's a lot of sex.
The reason why children with this kind of bodies -- and they are strangers, and they are strangers, or seriously, or seriously, they go up to the heart structures not to get a better physical health.
And in many cases, people are perfectly solar.
The reason you get to a lot of structures is that they are a threat for our social lives.
The system is based on the idea that a particular architecture is going to bring a particular identity of a particular identity.
So we have the idea that being woman is to have a physical identity -- and it will be black to mean to have African article in history.
A very simple idea.
And when we care about a body that shows something quite different -- we have problems with capital.
So we have very rich ideas in our culture in our culture.
Our nation is based on a very rich concept of a very rich one.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born as two people within a body.
The most landing case is last year with the South African Rome Congress, and I put it on the search of the search in the international Institute of Berkeley.
A lot of individuals called to ask, "What are they going to go to do to determine if Canada San San San San Sea is man or women?
And I had to explain to the personalities that don't exist.
In fact, we now know that sex.
So what we have is a situation in which the longer the science, the more we have to admit that these creatures -- and we thought that they were a lot of stars that are constantly concerned to standard individuals -- they are much more different than we think.
And not only in terms of sex.
It's also in terms of reason, something that it turns out much more complicated than the television allows it.
And as we see, we are going to be in a brown terrorist.
Let's look for example, for example, the fact that we share at least 75 percent of the DNA.
What are we going to end out of the fact of them in only a few numbers.
And as we program in science we get more and more in an amazing area in which we have to recognize that the simple careers that we are probably too simple.
And we are looking at this in all the careers of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today are the prime and the end of life.
It's hard to take a moment to part of which a body gets human and it has different rights to the strangers.
There are a lot of action today -- and it is not in public -- but I know within the medicine of the medicine -- and I know when someone would get a death of it.
We had never had to do with this question of if someone was dead.
As a lot of people put up a paradox from the nation and if you were moving it still they didn't get it.
If I was able to move it out.
But we can today, for example, to make some living areas of a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we have to focus on the ability to actually determine the death of someone -- and this makes us a hard situation in which we don't have the simple careers of the past.
And maybe you think that this example of capital could reach someone like me.
In politics I am programming, and I'm going to get the people with normal bodies -- but I have to add it to me that I put it back to me.
I will think that these creatures are much more invisible than we think about me.
You have from the point of view of the democracy.
And to tell you about this text first I have to admit that I'm a failure of the Park Parks.
I know that they were relatively, I know that they were sexually, but they were great.
I mean, they were so valuable and supporting and so radical in what they did -- that I find every way to look at that music was 18, and not for music, which is totally particularly.
This is why it happened in 1870 with the parents Force.
The Facebook parents were to me, for me, the first activists of the arm and explain why.
What they had was a common concept and they put it with another thing that was radical and beautiful.
And as you all remember -- what we had was the idea of the Facebook Parks was the idea of the motivation -- the motivation was based on a very simple concept of the arm.
The old world of the old world didn't know the DNA -- but they had clear the idea of nation.
They had a blue control.
They were from the idea that it came to the political power for the right of the grandmother and the father and then the son, and so on.
The Facebook parents did that idea and they replace it for a new accepting concept and that concept was that all men are created as well.
They came up with the game field and they decided that the car that was important in common and not the activity differences -- that was a very exciting thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of a state system where they were getting two things.
It was making democracy and at the same time.
And it goes very clear -- if we look at the history of the Park Parks, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
And they were being rid of the substantial experiences and where they were able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get out of a little bit of an idea of non-season right.
They were moving into a natural context.
And if you look at it, for example, the Dentity of India, talk about nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to say who we are.
And in fact, they were trying to take the idea of the activity of the activity.
And when you do that, they were feeling the basis of the future movement of civil rights Richard.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years was going on.
And the women.
And then I came the success of the movement of the Richard rights with people in the Canada Taliban that said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the movies of the movement of civil rights saying, "I'm a man -- "I'm a man.
And again, people of color that would apply to the current science of the disease and again, and again, they got a new one.
We see the same thing with the Monterey Monterey.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the conditions we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain different diseases.
But attention -- I want to keep a number of activities in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights that a human.
I don't want to say that we had to take it to the architecture.
I don't want to say that at the age of five years I had to allow them to have sexual relationships or care.
There are some activities that for me to have sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why do you keep them and if they have sense.
Well, let's go back to those two of them to the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings -- both of us who have been able to move in the middle of 1995 exactly the same day.
Let's imagine that one of them, Mars, I was born three months before time, one percent of 1970s.
Hell, by the context, he was born in terms of the 1970s, and he was born in the 1970s.
In the only fact that I was born about three months before Mars was going to get all the right three months before the Hollywood -- the right to the sexual question, the right to the vision, the right to baby.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because I have a different biological age but because he was born after I was born later.
We found other areas in relationship to their rights.
Hend, at the point of being considered a man -- I have not told you if it's 1860, in a view of being a lot of a man now is part of the open scale in which Mars doesn't have to worry about.
Market, by the hand, it doesn't have the same rights to the market that Harvard in all the states -- for example.
Harriet can get in all of the states with a woman, but Mars can go to a woman only in a few states in a few states in a few states in a few states in a few states in a few states in a few states in a few states in a few states in a few states in a few states in a few states in a few
And so they still see authoritarian careers that in several things are profound and consequences.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science is so much in the field of the car that we get to the point of having to make a democracy based on the arm could come up?
I don't want to get to science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is going to us.
Where do we go.
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of a present action, "Well, we have to bring the line in some part, so we're going to do it.
But a lot of people are going up in a radical position in a radical position of it.
For example, Texas at a certain time has decided that to deal with a man you don't have to have careers and that to deal with a woman you have to have careers and the way we have to get careers.
Now, in the practice they don't make any chances to people.
But this is also very strange about the story that I told you at the beginning of the secret of institutions to the advantages.
If we look at one of the modern parents of modern democracy -- Dr. Mars Lab Kate, in his specialist "I have a solution.
It says that we should lead to people not in the color of their skin -- but in the context of their career, going beyond the architecture.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea seems very good.
But in practice how do you do?
How do you bring people in the context of their career?
I want to feel that I'm not sure that I'm not sure that we had to be based on this to give people right to people, because I have to admit that I know that I know that they probably have the social services that some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of the rains that I know can take more information decisions and intelligent and markets about their sexual relationships that people I know.
So how do you put in practice the team of the content of the content?
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is question what happens if the carbon of a person could be in the future.
We want to really get to that point.
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to put up this kind of thinking to the subject of democracy.
We have done a good work in democracy and I think we will make a good work in the future.
We didn't live -- for example, in a context as a man who feels like a man who feels like the other men are supposed to be a self-instruction, unless it's willing to go into a sex change in which case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm going to tell you that we don't have a context like a court that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made to give you a little bit of self-interested light to then take them up and so on.
But when the phone.
So what I said, "Well, it has considered the political space instead of the completely complexity.
And the United States has a huge chance to the people to be who they are not going to change for the good of the state.
So I think we have to be at the head.
Well, in order to finish I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents I have been talking a lot about them.
And I want to think about what the democracy would be, or as it could have been a lot more part of the Mars.
And I want to say something a little bit about.
From years ago, since I've been interested in sensitivity, I've also been interested in getting the sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested to me are the differences between men and women in the way to think and go in the world.
And what we know about the traditional studies is that women -- in average -- not all of all, but in average -- they tend to pay more attention to the complex social relationships and despite those who are virtual within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
It was years ago, when I was in the paper, one of my students I knew I was interested in the financial -- and I was very interested in the female -- as I now made a strange plan.
"I know what it has from filtion the financial?
And I thought, "It's the most happy question I've heard about.
The female has to do with determined the general statistics, so there's nothing in the finance."
But the more I've thought about his question, more has seen that there is a little bit physical in the financial.
I mean, that could be something -- in average -- something different between the physical brain and the map that makes us more attention to the complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable people.
So if the parents were very willing to find the way to protect people from the state of the state -- it is possible that there will be a lot more mothers to this concept -- maybe we would have come up with the concept of production with the support of property.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the deception, and think less in the individual body, in terms of the identity -- and think more in the relationships and think more in the relationships and think more in the relationships and think more in the relationships and think more in the relationships and think more in the relationships and think more
So as we try to create a more perfect one, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In the year 2009, I decided we had to figure out how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where you want to go to live and work, I have the possibility to choose at least a bunch of different cities that are going to move to new results.
Well, at this point we are far away from that object.
There are billions of people in developing developing countries that don't keep with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they get a lot more than their building cost up.
So we could easily go to the world, perhaps hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can be aware if you have never thought about new cities.
But just represents for pressures of particles.
Imagine that half of the ones that they wanted to live in applications were already properly presented and the other half of them still would love to do it.
They could try to increase the ability to make them in all the right buildings in all the there.
But you know that the problem that you will face is that those buildings and the areas that are able to avoid the motivations to avoid the metaphors and the designers of the building of the building.
So it would be very hard to do all of those distances.
But you could go to a completely new place, building a whole new building building -- and when the rules of that place will make the building instead of putting it out.
So I think that the governments are creating new areas of resources in order to get cities and gave them a name -- cities under the story.
And later I'm going to get out that more or less at the same time, Japan and Rome were thinking about the challenge of relating Hollywood.
They knew that every year about 75 hours would come out of his country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask the United States, and they wanted to ask you what they could do to make sure that those people were able to get up and make those same things in Hollywood.
And in the summer of the 20th hours I went through a collective crisis.
In the next records -- Portugal Rose is accepted with a platform in which I put back and at the same time.
I asked Kate that was his grandmother from galaxy.
And as well, I was prepared to give a talk at TED.
through a process of personality, I think, and a large amount of issues with users -- I tried to reduce this complicated understanding of cities down to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of the nations, like those areas that say you can't go and move to all the current resistance resources.
We put a lot of attention to the new technology, but you need so much of technologies as the news to program -- and they usually are the normal ones that are going to get to us.
In the other hand, a friend of Guandors sent him to Vietnam a stranger with the TED.
He showed him to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "We present this to the leaders of our country.
And so in the way we were in Michael, in a room.
And I tried to explain this point about how valuable the cities are, so much more values than your moral cost than their more correct.
And I used this picture that shows the value of land in a place like New York City -- Sandy, that in some cases, it goes back thousands of dollars per day.
But it was a pretty open discovery, and at some time, when there was a passion, Iraq said, "Paraly, maybe we could see the video of the talk TED.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city low is a place where you start with terrible terrorists, a study that species the rules that are going to be there and an opportunity so that people can choose to go or not live under those nations.
So the president of Hollywood called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way that our own country.
I asked me to go to Telescope and talk about the four and five of them.
And so I tried another talk full of data, which is even an image like this, which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denision and the white line is the new air that was built in Dent.
It's just this air over 100 miles a number of careers.
So I was trying to convince the hours that to build a new city, you have to start with a place that killed at least 1,000 miles a day.
That's more than 100 horses.
All the world.
The proposition of the audience were very serious and attention.
The leader of the conversation came up to the platform and said, "The Rome Rome, thank you very much for his talk -- but maybe we could see the video of the TED talk.
I have this in my computer.
So I sat and showed the TED.
And this explains the essential thing, that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you could go in Hollywood instead of hundreds of thousands of miles to the North America.
And it will also include new choices for the leaders for the leaders to do.
Because the leaders of the government government would need help of countries -- they could benefit from the countries that would help them to be able to be able to go up and make the numbers of the state so that they could all be able to trust that the state is going on.
We went and we saw a place.
This picture is there.
It could be easily about a thousand square miles.
And a little bit later, 18 percent of energy.
In a country that was just going to go through this particular crisis.
All of the particles, all the factors in society -- they got it.
In order to get in the Congo, you have to take two times in Congo.
The 18 percent of them would come over again in a variation of 180 to one.
It was immediately after the violence, from the age of 24 percent of the sea, a design of about 30 hours went to the two places in the world that are more interested in the building of cities.
One of them.
This is a picture of a whole new center of the city that is building in Congo County, it's bigger than the center of Boston.
All you see there was built in four years after they spend four years getting the personalities.
The other country in the building of cities is Santa.
In fact, you've already built two cities in China and they are prepared for a third one.
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a site -- and they're already thinking about a place for the second city.
They are making a legal system that allows them to come out, and at the same time they would allow you to go down under a strange strange system.
A country has already been compared to allow their Sunday School to be the last institution for this new station system.
There are surgeons and companies that are very interested in the project.
They can even get a little bit.
But the only thing we know is that they have been a good number of hearts.
There are a lot of companies that they wanted to be inspired in the United States, especially in a place with a free area and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 600 million people who say they would like to change another place.
There is a million last year that comes from America to go to the United States.
A lot of them are parents that have to leave their family to go to get a work, sometimes they are solar mothers that have to win the money to just eat or buy round.
You know, sometimes even there are kids who are trying to get out with their parents that have not seen in some cases, in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a day.
So what do you think about the building of a new city in Hollywood."
Or to build a dozen of these, or one of these all over the world?
What seems to think about is that families can choose between several cities that are sharing to bring new resistance?
This is an idea that is going to be going on.
And my friends asked me to say, "Thanks TED?
I'm Jesus, and this is my room.
But before I show you what there is in the way that there is going to make a public conference -- and it is that, I live observer with the brains.
I love to find it, and I would love to find -- and more recently, to photograph and put up in my ball broken and colors and different for each other.
But I don't buy anything.
All of my relationship is of a second hand of markets and search tests.
Oh, thank you.
The number of a second hand will allow me to reduce the impact of my relationship in the environment and in my biology.
I get to know interesting people -- for the general of my money going to a good cause -- my life is unique -- and to buy it into my own personal search of terrorism.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
It will be my street?
I'd like the color.
Take less than 20 dollars.
If all the answer are positive -- then I feel that I have a paradigm.
It will go back to the issue of my room, I want to tell you what I did for this little week at TED.
I mean, what do you have to do with somebody who has all that rock?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I did.
I have brought seven pieces of the inner role, and nothing else.
Rome interviewer for exactly a week is all that I have put in my room.
I imagine that it would be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after you get here to Palestinian Stephen.
And because they don't know me like the woman who walk for TED in the bottom --  that means that I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now for this week.
It doesn't sound interesting.
And as I do it, I'm also going to tell you some of the lives of life that, and you know, I have learned in this area of not using new radio.
Let's start with the distance.
This is called bright task.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can almost always see it for less than 50 dollars.
The whole thing -- including the car, I got 15, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Loves, the color is energy.
It's almost impossible to be a bad humanity, when you're looking at an red red screen.
If you're happy -- you're going to bring other people.
Mars, the intelligence is surprising.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know you.
If you go out of the people, you don't just understand you, you will also be able to get it out.
Microsofts, the child of the child that you take inside of the child.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems that it seems to be game and that I remember his little seven years.
I like to show you and say, "Good."
Justice, the trust is the key one.
If you think you do well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood their means.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inside and extraordinary, there is no look at the way that you can't accept.
So there's no wrong for no one of this audience.
We must be able to do everything we want to do.
Thank you.
You know, you know, a real universe for you for you -- the distances are going on with everything.
And finally, I was going to develop a personal person and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word to you.
I have tried it over and over again when people came up with this week just for what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversation.
So obviously all this is not going to go into my little vaccine.
So before I go home to Britain, I'm going to do everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to be able to get to these things, because at the back of the school, there will always be a little bit of a collaborative company, color and brilliant writing, if there is a little love in my heart and look for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a responsibility of your brain that we can do in two parts.
The left side, which is the right part of it, and the right side, which is the interesting part of it.
So if we use a scale to measure the ability of every happy, we could design a plan of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely language.
This would be someone who is totally interactive.
So where would you put your brain on this scale.
Some of them would travel for one of these exponentials, but I think for most of this audience, your brain is something like this.
It's not that they are excited about it.
You can be language and intelligence.
I consider one of those people, that as most of the other quantum physical physics -- we need a lot of language to get these complex ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty interesting to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this interview? Well, we like to play with things.
We are going to play with them and then we see how we replace it, and then we developed our infrastructure from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
It certainly can have developed with the step of the years is that one thing can be only in a place at the time.
I mean, it can be able to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't born with this notion -- they develop it.
I remember to look at a child playing in a piece of statistics.
It was a small child and he didn't do it very well.
But I think that the play with that piece of statistics I taught you a little bit, and it is that the big things don't allow the transparents, and they stay in a place.
This is a great model that you can have in the world, which you can have in the world.
It would be a terrible model for a physics of particles -- because they don't play with the statistics of statistics, they play with these little little particles.
And when they play with their particles -- they found that they do all kinds of things that are really rainforests -- as you can go through the walls -- or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all of these observations, and they called it the heart theory of the quantum medicine.
At that point you found the physics a few years ago, you need the quantum memory to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe those small particles of it.
But you don't need to describe the big objects that are going to us every day.
That didn't be very well to my interesting, and maybe it is because it doesn't play very often with particles with them.
Well, sometimes play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particular one.
But it was not really used to my language to me.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of the quantum memory -- then it should not all be the beginning of the career mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel a lot better if you could somehow show that a common object is also still the principles of the quantum mission as well.
That's why a few years ago, I have to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a quantum memory surface.
What we see here is a little computer.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle of it.
That's the piece of movie that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object here.
And here I'm going to take a little bit of a little bit in the center of the center in the center.
And then here we do a good thing for a little bit of a little bit of metaphor.
What we see is a little piece of mountain, with the form of transparent and that he used to support in a plan.
And then I did this almost about the same way that you would do a computer.
I went to a religious room with a new school, and I put all the great machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material -- I had to build my own machine -- to make this profit with the form of nation that you find under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum surface, but for it needs from a little help.
Let me make a advance.
You know how amazing it is to be in a full of people.
I mean, when I am in a standard -- I do all kinds of things like that, but then when other people are going to stop doing those things, because I don't want to move them, or actually address.
The quantum memory says that the amazing objects are shared in the same way.
The journey of the journey of the amazing objects are not just people, it's also the light that I love it and the wind that happens to their side and the heat of the room.
And so we knew that if we wanted this piece of goal to get up to the quantum memory -- we would have to explore all the other particles.
And that's what we did.
We put the lights on the lights and then we put a standard and we put it up all the air and then we put it into a temperature of less than a big bank on the absolute brain.
Now, by being just in the electronics, the small piece of metal is free to act as I want.
So we measure their movement.
We found out that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of being a lot of continuous, I was looking at it, and the way that he came up was like an responsibility in this way -- like a force that goes up and get into it.
And when you give a surgery of it, we were able to make it come to the same time -- and it doesn't come at the same time -- something that just happens with the quantum medicine.
So what I'm telling you is really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing comes up and didn't come back at the same time.
So we think about them.
In a case, all of the transportations of we have to make that piece of molecule are controlled and at the same time those same things are moving to the top and so on.
It is just in design institutions when those are supported.
In the rest of the time they're defined.
It means that every fear is in two different places at the same time, what it means is that the whole piece of goal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
true.
It was going to go on a religious room to do this during all of those years because they look at this, the difference in scale between a single fear and that piece of metal is more or less the same than the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if you just take it in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places -- why don't you too.
I mean, it's my market that I talk about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How would you make your knowledge if your body was discovered in the space.
There's another part of the story.
And it is when we get it, and we looked at the lights and we looked inside the box -- we saw that the goal kept there in a single piece there.
And I could come to this new infrastructure -- you know, all the objects in the environment actually are quantum objects that are just done in a little space.
You hear to talk a lot about the quantum medicine that everything is interesting.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more profound than that.
It is that those conditions -- your connection to all the things that you can tell you, literally decide who you are, and that is the brain of the quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Antarctica.
And about 18 months ago, I got another work in Google until I read the idea of doing something related to the museum and art.
It took me 18 months and it took me.
A lot of business and stories -- you know, with 18 very interesting museums of new countries.
But I'm going to focus on the death.
There's a lot of stories of the why we did.
I think my own story is explain just in this slide and this is the access of it.
I grew up in India.
Good of a great education -- I didn't have any access to many of these museum and areas of art.
So when I started to travel and go to people, I started to learn a lot.
And working in Google, I try to do the desire to make it more access to technology.
So we took a team -- a great team of people, and we started doing it.
It's better to show the death to then explain a couple of interesting things that we have taken from their landscape.
So simply we go to George.
Look around all the museum that there is.
It's the Glass Galaxy, the Monterey, the Elizabeth, the Rome Gandhi Gandhi.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorite favorites, to Mars, the art of New York City.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We do climate and paper?
It doesn't matter where they are, Brooklyn or Mars, that really doesn't matter.
You move over there, and they get out.
Do you want to be born by the future?
We open up the top of the air, and with one of the classrooms, we go back into a single one.
They are inside the end of the paper.
They are going to be attached.
Explain.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the better.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite particles -- "The Palmon Park, in the Martin.
I see the common signal.
If the museum shows us the image -- we do it there.
Look at this is one of the images.
Here's all the information information here.
For those of you who are really interested in the art -- you can be able to go there, but I'm going to do it right here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've changed in what we call the religious technology.
So this image -- for example, I think, I think, about 10 million dollars.
And there are a lot of people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 million people?
So I'm going to show you what you really have to do with 10 million dollars.
It can make it a very simple way.
You see different things that are going on.
I love this girl -- your experience doesn't have a price of it.
But if you really want to be profound.
So I began to play -- and I found something that happens there.
And I said, "You know, a moment, this looks like this.
And I found that kids were actually playing something.
I got a little bit, I talked to some people from the Martin, and I actually found that this is a game called "Aboutforbill, which is going to be able to put a paper with a paper with a paper of California.
And as it was very popular to me.
I don't know why they do, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to move even more in deep and you'll see that you can actually get the graphics.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to go to the image -- so you can actually see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting here.
The best thing is to come in, a second.
So now we're very quickly going to go back to Mars in New York City.
Here's another one of my favorite family, the night night.
The example I showed it was to find a device.
But what if you want to see the pictures?
And if you want to see how you're going to actually create this workers market, I created this worker.
It goes up and really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this face, and I'm really going to get to the graphs.
This is the night night -- I think I had never seen this before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite work.
There are a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is a really cool part -- it's called "Combines.
All of you, it doesn't matter if it's rich or poor or if you have a market, that gives the same.
You can be able to create their own museum to create their own colleagues from all these images.
It's very simple -- we come on, -- I have created this function that I call "The power of the boat, -- we just made a car around it.
This is about "The North National Garaneetry Galaxy.
You can take things, send them to their friends and keep a conversation about what they feel about the control of the control of these markets.
So in fact, I think to me, the main thing is that all the incredible things really don't really come from Google don't really come from Google up.
No, in my view, they even do not get from the museum of the future.
Maybe it shouldn't say this.
In fact, they come from those art.
And that has been my humanity with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital half a little bit of an art of art and that it is represented in line.
And the great question that they do today is, you did this to get the experience of going to a museum -- and he said, "You know that.
And the answer is not.
It's to make the experience.
And that's all. Thank you.
Thank you.
Well, you take all of them.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a pressure, a value proposition.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am in the primary organization, all the children in Iraq grow with this picture in the wall of their distance, but the reason I'm showing you this is that it has happened something very interesting in the French cameras one in the last two decades.
There was a few time, if you wanted to win a picture of France one, I took a pressure and I put it to a good pill and a good car, a good car, a good car.
And if the car and the pollution was good enough -- you were going to get the career.
This is what in engineering -- it is called control system in real time.
In essentially this is a system that has two companies, a sense and a sense.
Now the interesting thing is that the control systems in real time are starting to go into our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered of networks and electric people.
They are getting computers to the air.
And as well, they are starting to respond to a different way, and they can be defined and accessible.
The cities is a big thing.
And as a little bit of it wanted to measure that cities are only two percent of the planet in the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the global population.
75 percent of the energy of energy, and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions of CO2
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
beyond the cities, all of these democracy and action are going into our everyday objects in our everyday object.
So this is from a picture of Palestine Albert in the Monterey, for the summer for the summer for the video.
It's called "The Medicine Mexico, "About "There?
Well, our objects, the environment, they start to talk about.
In a way, it's as if almost all of the things that are there were to become sense and actions.
And that is changing the interaction that as humans we have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Michael Milky.
You know, when Michael American wrote the Monterey, it says that at the end I took the market and I brought it to the Monterey -- you still can see a little mile mountain -- and he said, "What don't you talk about, "What don't you talk about, what don't you talk about, what don't you talk about, what don't you talk about, what don't you talk about, what don't
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk about.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- including the idea of capture the environment and act something.
Let's start with democracy.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four years ago.
It was a summer in the same way.
It was the year that Iraq won the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, they play Iraq and France, and at the end Zealand gave the head.
And all of all, at the end of the end of the end.
Now let's see what happened that day, looking at the activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Collin in the middle and the river Twitter.
It's the morning, before the game.
The line line is at the top of the top.
For the early age there are people around here, and there are called called called called called called called called called.
It starts the particle, simulating.
Google from France. Google of Iraq.
It makes people a quick call and go to the baby.
The second time.
First of all, a second. second.
Zealand, and at a moment, the head.
Garden Iraq, yeah?
That night were all going to get to the center at the time.
There you see the great piece.
And the next day they were all at the center of the field of the team and the first mission of the time.
And then all the world.
You see the picture of the place called City Mars, and from the time, people are going to change -- it is a great face, you can see the pill at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the city of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of definition, it's not about people, but of things we use and we have to make it.
Today, we know everything about the price of our objects today.
This is a map that shows all the girls that make up a Mars, how they go in.
But we know very little about where things.
So in this project we developed a little bit of little strangers to cut the based on their decent by the system.
So we started with a few values that helped us be a little more than one year, to choose what they were transparent -- different kinds of things, as you can see things that you can see, things that all of you would take up.
And then we put them a little chip, a standard, and then we started to get it.
These are the results of it.
Particular from Santa.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there are many infrastructure in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data.
They're going to be complicated things and there's a lot of interviewer transparency.
But the other thing that we believe is that if we look at every day that the day that we have to do is not stop, which is still somewhere on the planet, in the planet.
What if the plastic rate that we put on a day still still still goes out there.
So if we show that to people, then we can put some change of computer.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleagues of MIT, Alexander Brown, could tell you much more about democracy and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part of the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something that we did a couple years ago.
It all started with a question of the city of the city, which came and told us that Earth and the South Europe have a beautiful transition of the use of water in public spaces in public space.
And the question was, how can technology be the new technology, the new technology.
And one of the ideas that we developed at the MIT -- in a task, it was, imagine that they have a course and values, light values, legislation that they open and go out.
It's created as a water, with water.
If you add the legs you can write in them, you can show the patterns -- images images ...
And when you get up, the color will open up so that we can go in the picture.
We asked this to the Bangladesh Bank.
I liked a lot of it.
And you have a community to design the building to the front of the world.
We call it Patron Park Department.
All the building is made of water.
There are no doors or voices, but when you take it up to you so that you can go on.
The ground is also covered with water.
And if there is a little bit of wind if you want to look at the surgeons, you go down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture is going to be like in this case.
Those days will always be somebody in the invention -- when you go down the room, someone who was there and he said, "Do you know the building building.
No, it's not that they have done it, but when you go down almost all of the architecture is going to be defined.
Here it is.
You see the people in the way that happens in what happens in it.
And here I'm myself trying to try not to be able to try to try to bring the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all of the signals stopped working out of work.
That night was actually more fun.
All of the children from Zenetal came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to stop going out, but a building that was still doing computers and water shoes and you had to go out to go to not move up.
(Audience of people, and for us that was very interesting because as an architecture -- engineers -- we always think about the use that people will give our design.
But then the reality is always improvise.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use it.
This is a picture of the building with the physical legs of the water, the water of water.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those legs could start to fly out.
Imagine that they could have small searches in the air and that each one had a little piece that changes of color as if it was a bone that is moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before, which is moving with each other.
We could form this box.
It's kind of a kind of flower scale like this with a normal trust in two dimensions in two dimensions.
Or normal -- but in three dimensions where what change is the light -- not the position of the personalities.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen.
And then the whole thing was able to be a piece of periods in three to the one that you can come out, and you can see it from very different trains.
This is the real Force control -- going down to form a Vietnam, like before.
When the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each one of them.
We can have every picture that comes from people, the movement of people, and so on.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We have been working with Robert Bill -- one of the best banks in today, the structure of New York City in New York City.
So here we can see Robert bank.
On the left on the left you see the periods, the capture in different resources.
It's so much 3D digital in real time as a movement.
It can turn all the movement.
You can get the whole way.
And once we have the legs we can play with them, with the color and the movement and the radio and the role.
We want to use this as a possible power for the Force.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It is something for the Olympic Germany Republicans.
It's called the New York.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could influence people to do something and change our environment -- as a crime of neurons -- like the crash of the birthday, but with a corner.
Imagine that we could make you all make a little bit for a pressure.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've done everything like knowledge -- and it's access to the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- we can show us that we can go out of the digital world, from the abuse power of the networks -- the physical world.
In our case, this may be that we wanted to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But the morning can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emotions. How do we go from the digital world to the physical world.
The idea is that we can make people involved to do this together, in a collective form.
The number is a network, again, made of performance in the same way that the real room is a course of particles.
And those particles are water, while in our ground are perfectly.
This is a physical structure in London -- but it comes out of personalities.
You can move in the way, having different experience.
You can see it from the bottom -- to be able to share the main moments of the University of 2010, and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So this is so much a physics of the sky as something that you can go up, like a new field of London.
You can go out there.
As if it was a new digital picture at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
I would like to be better than they are.
They knew that I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes -- you could improve the memory -- for a more likely and more quickly.
Or maybe I'd like to be in better ways, to be more strong to have more resource.
I would like to be more acceptable and safe of itself.
What to live more with good health.
Or maybe they're from those people who were always wanted to be more creative to be more creative to be.
What else would you like it?
What would you like to do if you could choose something.
(Music audience: Creative.
How many people choose the creativity?
Let me see your hand. Let me see.
A few of them would probably have the amount of creative creative people.
That's very good.
How many of the memory, how many of the memory.
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little bit less.
What about the life?
Oh, most of that. That makes me feel very well as a doctor as a doctor here.
If you could have something about this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
The evolution has been a good issue here in the TED conference but today I want to give you the fear of a doctor on the issue.
The great generation of the 20th century -- TED -- which is that I was going to put up in the Organization Organization -- I wrote a transparent trial that has been sensitive to the light.
But if you are able to get the biological evolution to consider this -- it's just about the past, or the future?
It turns out the other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this role, well in an extraordinary is, of course, the most interesting thing to us.
We get out of a common access with the modern children about six or eight million years.
In the engineering there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of home.
Some of them have gone back and back.
We have been here about 3,000 years.
It might seem that we are very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, in their most basic matter of our cells is more or less the same.
You realize that we can go up and control the map of a common bacteria to produce the product of human institutions that is used to treat the disaster?
This is not like the human island -- but it's the same protection, which is the same protection, which comes out of the particles.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body.
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, you think -- you know, when Australia Allightest is going to put it out of the -- you think about the bacteria?
The increase is a wonderful environment for those bacteria for those bacteria for those bacteria
It is clear -- dark -- it's a very dangerous.
And we're going to give them all the numbers that you can want to want without the evidence of their part of it.
It's really like a very quick thing for the bacteria with the carbon interview of some force of the sales.
But by the way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
And they help us to make some special numbers, and they protect us from certain disease.
But what does the future?
We are in a kind of evolution of evolution as a species.
Or you want to become something different -- something maybe better to the environment?
And in this very super-controlled way of the universe, the life in Earth is like a business business, the animal record, like one and only companies and the human life, a little bit of thank you.
That was us.
And it was also the whole part of this talk and so I hope that they have found it.
When I came back to the universe I had my first kind of biology of biology,
I was fascinated by the electricity and the beauty of the biology of biology
And I love the power of the evolution and I realized something fundamental in most of the life of life, in the local organisms -- every cell is just disappeared and all the genetic energy of that cell is going to the two children.
But when you look at the mobile organisms things start to change.
It goes into the sexual report.
And something very important -- with the application of the sexual relationship that happens the genome -- the rest of the body becomes present.
In fact, you could say that the responsibility of the death of the body in evolution in the same moment of sexual report.
I have to convince you that when I was a college student I thought, well, second, sex, sexual death -- it seemed pretty quickly at that time, but with every year he was going on, every time I had more access to it.
I was going to understand the feeling of George Bangladesh, which I still have in the United States at the way that I was at the early 90 years.
And one night a night was going to their high house.
He opened the door down.
And in front of him to be a wonderful barrier of role.
I looked at it and he says, "I'm going to look for a sexual season."
Is it going to say Google, I said, "I have the surgery?
I realized -- as a doctor -- that I was working by a different goal to the goal of the evolution of evolution -- not necessarily controlled, just different.
I was trying to predict the body.
I wanted us to keep us health.
I wanted to collect the health in the disease.
I wanted to live more and more health.
The evolution is going to spend the genome to the next generation of the next generation and adding and supporting generation after the generation of generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are kind of as control corners to send the genetic relationship to the next level, and then let me go to the sea.
I think that we all understand the feeling that I would explain Wormon Alexander when he said, "I don't want to get the identity through my work.
I want to do it not dead."
The evolution doesn't necessarily need to look at the life.
It doesn't necessarily look like the biggest or the most strong or the faster and the faster and not even the most smart and even the most smart and even the most smart thing.
The favorite evolution to the best creatures to their environment.
That is the only surgery and success.
In the bottom of the ocean the physical bacteria that you can survive to the heat of the flowers that will produce -- if there were fish there, fish coming down to the blood -- yet they have been able to do that a huge environment of that.
So what does this mean when we look at what's going on in evolution and if we go back to think about the place of humans in evolution and in particular, if we look at the next way, I would say that there are a lot of possibilities.
The first one is that we don't evolved it.
We've got a kind of banker.
And the right reason would be that through the medicine in the first place, we've been able to predict a lot of genes of genes that would have been defined and completely entertained in the population.
And in the second place, as a species -- we have put our environment for us to add us to us as well as we get to it.
And by the way, we migrated it, and we move up so much that it's no longer possible to have the self-interest to have the evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type of transformation, natural in the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the emotions of the evolution are struggling -- but they're improvise.
And in the specialist, when as a species as a species.
But there is a third possibility -- a positive possibility and analysis and advantage.
The neuroscience called the new evolution -- which is not just natural -- it's not just natural and scaled for us as individuals in the decisions that we will do.
Now, how could this happen.
How could we do this?
First of all, we will consider the reality that many people today, in some culture, are making decisions of their destruction.
In some culture, they are choose to have more ways than women.
It's not a really good thing for society but it's what you get to the individual level and family.
You think that if you just get to be able to be able to be able to choose not just the sex.
And if we could make genetic changes to choose the distances or the American or reduce the risk of cancer.
They didn't want to make those changes in their genes in their genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more possible.
The human World World started in 500,000 and a half years old.
It was 2,000 million dollars.
In the next year of having ended up, in 2009, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three million dollars of the human genome to a cost cost to the age of 20 and a week.
I'm not going to make a lot so that you can actually do the human genome for 25,000 and it will be more and more and more at the same time.
You get those change.
The same technology that has produced the human institutions in bacteria can be able to do that they're not just going to protect them from themselves.
They don't have an experiment in the course with the vaccine against the color of a collaborative plan in a planet of transparency.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the transparency?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be more possible.
Imagine then only two small change.
They can change the cells of their bodies but if you could change the cells of their definition?
And if they were able to change the hope and the volumes, or to change the value of the flower and give their children a better chance of a more single life, to choose the distance, to reduce the risk of cancer.
Who don't want any more songs?
And then, that same architectural technology, that same piece of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also add analogies -- and a better memory of it.
Why don't you have the engineering of a Kenya Jewish on everything if you could put it up with the next generation of the Galaxis.
Why don't you have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distributed?
Why don't you live more time.
This is going to be international.
And when we are in conditions to spend this to the next generation and we could add the ants that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in the neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100 years and we can put it back to 1,000 years and maybe within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their birthday, or the leaders of their box, are going to have to get to them.
We're going to use these choices in a better society, more exciting, more consumer?
Or, we are going to choose a lot of different actions that we want for some of us but not for the other.
We're going to build a society that is more charged and more uniform or more virtually, and more visitor."
This is the kind of question that we're going to have to come in.
And the most profound thing about all, we're going to be able to develop the wisdom and to make the wisdom need to make these decisions around?
So for bad or wrong, and before what I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explain when you are at 600 months of high home.
Imagine an airplane full of the human.
Imagine a guy doing a little bit of close, close, climate ...
You know, you know, you know, close -- close -- sound.
Well, I had a unique device that day. I was sitting in the one.
It was the only one that I could talk to with the standards of the back.
So I looked at them, and they said, "You know, there is no problem.
The pill had already looked at the air, and we were not so far away.
You could see Mars.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pill goes up the air with the Hollywood Rome.
That's not the robot.
I put the motors.
Imagine to be in an airplane and without rough.
And then he said three words ...
The three other words that I've heard about.
He said, "I will be presented for the impact of the impact.
I didn't have to talk more with the back.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was tree. The life would be.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an institution.
We have this list of things to do before I die before I die before we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the cost that I wanted to do, all the experiences I wanted to have and never have.
And as I thought about that, I came up with a framework, which is, "Car views back back?
Because if the video is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it out.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that presentation, that purpose has actually changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is while we went up with the bridge George Walter -- which was not for a lot -- I thought it really feels a great one.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity.
But in my humanity as well.
And I read the time that I decided in things that don't matter with people who are important.
And I thought of my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a measure in that, I decided to choose the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect but it's much better.
In two years I've not had a fish with my wife with my wife with me.
It feels to be feeling.
I don't try to have a reason to be right.
The third thing that I learned -- and this is how your mental relationship is going to be speaking, 18, 12, 12.
You see the water.
I'm saying, "Why are I failed.
I don't want this to go up in 20 pieces as you see in those distances.
And as we went on, I had the feeling of it, you know, to die not fear of.
It's almost like we've been prepared for it all of our life.
But it was very three.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sad was made in a single thinking, which is just a thing.
I was able to see my children growing up.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first of all, not a lot of an art table -- and I said.  And I go up, like a small one.
And for me, that was the whole reason of the world.
At that point I understood -- when you connect those two points that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
So the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I became a microscope, not to die that day.
And I got another region, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live in another way.
You are flying to you today, the challenge that you can imagine that the same thing happens in their plane -- and please not be like this -- but how do you change and how would they change and how would they change and how would they change and how would they change and how would they change and how would they change and how would they change and how
What are they going to do, that they still hope to do because you think they're going to live for all of you like it?
How do they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And the most important thing to be the best parents you can do?
Thank you.
I clearly have been team in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing that I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important grandmothers of the year.
One day came back to his house after I went back and said, "Paraly, I feel a advantage in the pieces?
And that was the beginning of the English.
So today TED has a whole paradox.
It can only use the eyes.
His work involved in me.
I have a design company, and I have an animal of design so that, obviously, the graph is something that we would take and we respond in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to go to Tim, TED, and their cause and their cause and their cause and his cause and their cause and their cause and their cause and their cause and their cause and their cause and their cause and their cause and their cause and their cause and their cause and their cause and their cause and their cause to it.
So I went and I went up with his sister and his father and I said, "We are going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his sister said, "I just want to be able to talk about Tim again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me.
And I said, "You know, a second, it's not that -- I saw Steve Harvard, not that all the people with particles can communicate to those advantages?
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important and you have a very good sure you can't actually do it.
These device are not available for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate it?
Does somebody see the movie and the strangers, the strangers.
They communicate in that way, and they are going to make it with the finger.
I said, "That's access. How can it be?
So I tried with the only desire to go up with a shoe and instead of that was a shoe that I didn't have the best idea of how it was going to go in.
I grew up with his sister and with his father there at the moment of the moment -- and this is the treatment, Timeter is going to talk about, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make their art again.
Because it is something that someone who have so much in your inside is not able to communicate it.
So I talked to a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GPS Legardan Research, which have a technology that allows them to produce a light in any surface and then with a period of it, they go on that and they go back to the negative space.
So they go out there by doing art institutions like this.
All of the things that you know, they say, are part of a color of life.
First of all, they start with the sexual organs then with the bad words, then with the advantages to Bangladesh and at the end, people start to do art.
But there was always a little bit of life in their process.
And so it started the journey of it.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot to move the things on one side of one side we had done a couple of things.
One, we went to the door companies and we got a machine so that TED could communicate -- a machine like Steve Harvard.
Which was great.
And in the way, it's the most fun thing -- I call it because when I talk to the guy -- you get a choice of it, and you say, "I don't do it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing that we did was to bring seven programs from all the world -- all the world of all the libraries of the planet, to our house.
My wife and I, the kids and I, we moved to the barrier of the before and these horses and the programs and the constructions and the control and the content of the house.
A lot of our friends thought that we did something completely straight and that when we get back to the careers of the walls and in their place there would be crazy.
But for two weeks we went to the sea passion of Vietnam, my son was part -- my dog also and we create this.
It's called Earth, "The New Yorker, and you can see the destruction.
They are a couple of balls of surgeons that we buy in the average step of Venezuela Bangladesh, and some of them from color and House Dead Dead and Ross Stephen.
We take a camera on the operation, we open it, we put it on a light light and now there is a device that is free -- you build yourself -- we put the source of the graduate code -- the software is going down in a free way.
And we created a device that does not have limited at all.
There is no sense of sure that "No.
There is no hospital that I can say "No."
Any person with particles today has access to draw and communicate using their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person and that's his room.
And there was all this beauty and I hate for the great instrument.
And then over a year of a year, two weeks of production -- serious senses of all night, Tim went back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the sound system of their life, and it's looking through the system of the support of their life.
And we were able to put it down the way that I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital of the hospital.
And he was going to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what was the feeling in the stage.
The great thing that we had to do is that we had to move in the situation so we feel like we were going to get the grandmother as well.
And at the end of this he took us an electric thing, and this was what he said, "This was the first time I was working in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water and someone finally came back and I would take it out there so that I could resist.
It's not wonderful?
In a way, that's our war of war.
That's what makes us in movement -- developing us.
And we have a long way to get with this.
It's a great device but it's the equivalent of a March Patron.
And somebody with this artistic potential is a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robotic.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of presentations.
And remember, it's free -- none of us are doing money with this.
All of our own balls.
The companies were from the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
Antarctica has something about us and then, in the way, the Terrorist Tesla came to us as one of the 50 years of 2009, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what I ended up talking about the criminal -- it is that at the end of this year at the center of MIT at the center of New Angeles is going to have an extraordinary called "All the Chambers.
And "Alies, in the Chinese, it's going to have the best successful art of the urban art.
TED is going to be in the side of which is pretty important.
So basically this is my idea, if you see something that is not possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- the computer, the computer, the mission, the Street, nothing was possible at some time.
It can be able to be able to do that.
I'm not a program -- I never did anything with the collection technology -- just I got something and I took it with a wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do all the days when we find something that we feel that we have to do. If it's not now -- and if I'm not me, what?
Thank you.
I've spent the last few years moving in very difficult situation and at the same time.
I went to the crisis, hard.
I worked in a minute of cards, dangerous mine.
Finance in war.
And I spent 30 days starting with this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the environment, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a large part of my career I've been going to have been getting in the support of the high-positive applications with the only goal of trying to try social issues in ways that they get accessible, interesting -- and, with lucky them in a way that will look at a way that you can see and access to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TV about the world of the markets and the patient wanted to do something a little bit different.
So some of you can have heard it, or no, a couple of weeks ago, a couple of weeks ago.
And I sent some messages in Facebook -- some of them in Twitter -- I came up with the rights of the name of the name of my 2011.
What was the next thing that had been the next thing, "The HIV President, and my TED that you have no idea what it is to be in the face.
But I said this is a very good medical opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a transparency in progress by the way.
So I even knew that somebody was going to buy the rights of the name of the name of the name of it.
If you had asked me a year ago, it would not have been able to be able to be controlled.
But in the new film where I'm working on the world of the market, of the property.
And as I said before, I have been in the heart situation in the last few years, but nothing could be able to worry about it, I could be able to present it to something as hard or so dangerous as to go into these guys with these guy.
You see, I had this idea for a film for a movie.
Martin Stanford, I want to make a film that comes from the product of products -- the market and the police, and that all the fear is financial with products of products and marketing and police.
The movie is going to call the biggest film ever saved.
What happens in "The largest film ever said, is that everything from the bottom at the end of the end -- it has images of market, all the time.
Now this market, Communication Stanford, the State States.
These people are going to go to the piece of performance, and so on.
And this is what the fear is going to explain all this idea, "The Korea, is really recorded. Is it really? It's really really recorded.
I am an agencies and I just said, I just tell you, it was more by the landscape.
It was "a presentation.
But we are not just going to have the paralyze of the 18 percent in the temperature but we're going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we can get in the film.
Maybe we looked at a ship and it becomes the most cool device that you've used ...
The most cool car that you have built in the biggest film ever saved, the best treatment that you have because of the largest film of the largest film ever send.
Kine Kenya, the idea is then to show the drugs as part of life, make them end the film?
The goal of the whole film is the transparency.
They are going to see all the process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the filter, in order to end.
And I would love that China helped me make it happen.
Robert Francisco, you know, it's thank you because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the main respect for the audience.
Wow, but I don't know how much it is going to be the people to that.
AK: You have a perspective -- I don't know if "Network, it's very negative -- but you know how it's going to repeat?
PM: A million and a half million media.
JS: Who knows -- maybe for the moment that the movie is going to look at us as a lot of dangerous lines.
PM: What do you think is going to be the answer.
Stephen Rome, most of the answer will be "not?
PM: But it's going to be hard to sell it, for the film or to be me?
JH: They both things.
PM:  -- it means that you're not really optimistic.
So, I need to help me, I need help.
MK: I can help.
PM: All right. (Audience: All right.
MK: We have to think about what the markets.
PM: Yeah. (Audience: That's the challenge -- when you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where you go to go.
PM: I thought that "Increasing the camera -- it means we have a conversation of microscope.
The camera means we don't want to know anything about your film."
PM: And this was one by one for one, all these companies that are suddenly defined.
No wanted to have anything to do with this movie here.
I was surprised to me.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very improvised -- I thought that the concept of the police, it was to present the product to so many people as possible.
And especially in the world today this interest of new media and old media and the stage of the security media is not the idea to talk to that new version of attention that is going to take the message to monkeys?
No, that's what I thought about.
But the problem.
I didn't really have to be a brain.
There was no brain at all.
This would have been good.
But the problem was what this image.
You see, when you look for pictures of the transportation in Google --      -- this is one of the first images that they come in.
I like your way to reach -- San Brown. No.
This was the problem -- the transparency -- the transportation of similarity or strangers, and it was easily defined or see it -- easily understanding -- which is changed by the vision or the activity of information -- in all of the business, the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we have a lot about the transition in these days.
Our politicians will name it, the name of the name of the name -- even the name of it.
But suddenly when it is about doing something that is really changed as well.
But why do you take a fear --  -- like that right thing that still still goes out.
It's precise --                                                                  like this
And it's also very advanced.
What else is it access?
So you can start a way of Collin Walter.
That is very addicting.
When I began to talk to the companies and tell you that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want you to have a story.
We want you to get a story, but you want our story to get our story.
You see, when I was a kid, and my father was going to me in some mind -- and there he is.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company -- and I just want to help -- and that just because I met John Boston and Richard Korea of many years -- I realized that I would have to go through my own.
So what I started to do is go up with a suddenly -- that I started to realize -- is that when you start to convince the company to understand the idea of understanding your market is a universal problem.
PM: I have friends that make big movies -- huge graphs, and other people who make small movies -- individuals, like me.
And my friends who make a big Hollywood films -- grandchildren, they say the reason why their movies have so much success that they have so much of the markets that they have.
And then my friends who make individual movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to share with these big, great movies of Hollywood."
And the film is called "The biggest film ever saved.
So how are we going to see specific in the film."
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my boat, you will see the Bangladesh definition.
At any time for an interview with someone I can say, "You are good for this institution?
Are you ready? You see you a little bit.
I want to help.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview?
And there I would give you one of these favorite architects.
And so much Force Force, like "Self-assembly Sans, are going to have their opportunity.
We are going to have so much for man as a woman for a woman, support, in the way, as it is.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer their questions and give them a present view of it.
Kenya Francisco, we are a small way.
It would look at the kind of the smaller film that you have -- we are more well a religious market.
And so we don't have the concept that they have other markets.
So doing things like this, you know, to remember the people is the reason why this is interested by us.
PM: What words would be used to describe Bangalore.
Bang is in white water.
KB: That's a big question.
woman, technical technology.
PM: technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the analogy.
Man: We talk about something like that, framework.
I think "I say, "It's a great word that actually put this carbon in the positive point of vision and the surface?
You keep you.
How do you keep you a little bit longer -- with better framework, more framework, three times more framework.
So things like those of us who are reported by the benefits of them.
PM: And that's a military company.
So what about me? What about a kind of common?
I need to talk to the man of the street, to people like me, to the common Persons.
They have to talk about my market.
MR: How do you do your market?
Man: Man my market?
I don't know.
I like the good.
woman, to go to the 80 percent of the personalized at less than it is day to be day.
PM: All right, what's the Galaxy Galaxy?
General -- something unique -- "I mean, man: Man: I guess the kind of gender that I have to be like a dangerous dangerous.
I like a lot of dark colors -- so many degrees and things like that.
And the general thing I have to do is I have access like surgeons of sun, or I like the criminals and similarities.
woman, if Darwin was a market could be a careful conversation, Mexico Bangladesh.
Man: Man that I am -- I would call it capitalism called care.
Woman two, in part here, in part -- in part of the British, I don't know.
Man: I am the kind of the markets.
It will come together for matters in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my market.
And in my small sense, that's my market.
Man 4, my husband is Stanford because I bring the market.
Man: Man: Mark statistically framework.
Is that?
Audience: I'm a market market.
Take, I'm Tom.
PM: Well, we can't all be Marine Tom, but I often used to be able to get in the interest of the dark dangerous and completely control.
I realized that I needed an experiment.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help us understand what they call the performance pollution.
And I found a company called San Zealand in Pakistan.
They were helping companies like National, Santa, Shanghai to figure out that piece of market.
If they were able to do it for them, they could actually do it for me.
And advantage, transparent the picture, right?
PM: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
E: How much is a little bit about how you relationship with your thinking and feel your way to be.
PM: These people are moving my way to see the world.
E: How much of that world.
PM: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live -- like the people that you get up, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things come up and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, and they start in my family in the West Vietnam.
E: What's the next thing you want to talk about.
PM: The next one is the best day of my life.
E: How do you relationship this with your think, feel and your way to be?
MR: It's like who I wanted to be me.
I like different things.
I like the round things. I like the radio things.
E: How much of the "Why do we feel that?
What is the market? So what are you going to put you now?
Why is it important to recognize? What does the red do?
How much about that.
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
So what else have you got there?
It doesn't have to be a terrorist. What kind of role you are roughly?
PM: Arab." (Audience: Thank you. No, thank you.
E: Thank you for your patient. (Audience: Thank you --           -- thank you very well.
PM: Yeah, I don't know what it's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of color in all this.
Leonardo Zamer, the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different side, but complex -- in your market perception, the Martin Martin March is a construction market.
They get very good together.
And I think there's almost a couple of them.
And I think some companies are just going to focus on one of their strong points or in the other time in the time.
A lot of companies tend to take -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- they get the fear -- and you actually have to go up and you actually get a little bit and you make something positive for you, and it is great to see that.
What other drugs are this?
The first thing here is the clinic, Apple.
And you can also see here to Tarmane, William, Milk Milky and "Mandelander.
Now there are a lot of laws and markets -- those things that have gone and come and come up and come up with a lot of surrounding is a pretty powerful thing.
PM: A really supporting market. What is your market."
If somebody asked you to describe your market identity -- your personal personality, what would be?
Are you a standard access? Are somebody who makes the flower forget?
Or you are more well a definition, and you have a dead access?
A little bit more carefully, resistant, consumer?
And the activists are just like being a language to be framed as the Prince, controlled, advantage, and advantage like Earth Fortune, quick or biology, professor, market, market, manager or music like George.
Or you are more good from access?
Are you aware of the surprise of 2000.
You're straight, transparent, production, production, programming, includes with Oxford?
You are connected, stars, family, conflict, sure, surgery, control or know, like David Laurence or Stanford?
In the course of this movie we had more than 500 companies and stress and definition, who said, "No, they didn't want to get part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mostly because they wouldn't have control -- they would not have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell us the story of the neuroscience, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they are now using the magic resource to identify the center of the desire in the brain so much for the brain as much as a chimpanzee.
And we went to San Paul where they have been able to put it into the airplane of the air.
In all the city for the last five years there are no sales, there are no cards, there are no values, anything.
And we went to the school distributions that companies are doing in the schools in the schools in the United States.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or in which I've had more success is those in which I have been interested with things.
And that's what these markets did here.
They went to the distances, they went to their advantages, and they said maybe these students don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with art.
I'm going to work with him to create something different -- something that's going to do to people, which is going to make the way we look at the world.
And how do you do it? Do they have success -- they had successful?
Well, since the movie are in the February of Santa, we take a look at a view.
And as well.
This is just a period of two weeks and a half weeks ago.
That's just in line -- no presentation, no TV.
The movie was still not found out.
It's still not in line -- it's not at all.
It's not even been present in other countries.
In the last time, this movie has already started to make a pressure.
And it's not bad because almost all the students that we talk about is that they are not going to be able to be part of it.
I have always believed that if you take a risk, if you take risk -- that in those risks there are opportunity.
I think when you go to people from that is going to get to the Africa.
I believe that when you go into their jobs in the risk of the risk in the risk of the risk is going to get to all their company to come out of resources.
I feel that what it has to happen to help us is that we have to feed people to address people.
We have to encourage people to not be afraid of the opportunities that can be able to them.
In the last way, I think we have to give you a place to the fear of fear to me.
We have to put that guy in a card.
Let's take the fear of fear -- we go to the risk of it.
In a card at the time, we have to take the risk of the risk to the time.
And we have to go up to transparency.
Now more than not a little bit of hospital is going to get a long way.
And he said this, with honesty and transparent, all of my talk "We "Leader the Transportation, has been present by my good friends of MIT who were by 1860.
EM: They have great data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
MIT presents "We "Laughter the Transportation.
Thank you very much.
John Collision, then, Mars, in the name of transparent, which happened exactly with those 1970s.
PM: It's a extraordinary question.
In my balloon I have a name at the name of the TED organization of the TED Architect, the Stanford Stanford, a street by 1860.
The idea behind the German information is actually very simple.
We don't want Ariga to get the nuclear book.
The biggest action to develop nuclear weapons is the planning plant of the United States in National.
The blue box that you see are systems of control in real time.
If we get to buy these systems that control speed and violent, we can cause a lot of problems with the capital.
The blue box doesn't use Walter software -- they are a completely different technology.
But if we get to put an effective version of Washington in a public computer, it used by an engineering to put this blue box -- then we are ready on.
This is the plan behind Santa.
We started with a Warrife institution.
The original organization to the blue box -- the career, and the nuclear program will be defined to be defined.
It's easy.
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to invent about South Silenties six months ago, the purpose was completely unlikely.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex at the part of Washington, the institution was used by the strangers that were used managed by the standards.
It seems like to do something with these big box, these control systems.
That called us the attention -- and we started an experiment in which we identify our environment with Santa and we saw what happened with this.
So they spend very strange things.
Solar was made up as a lab of lab that I didn't like our wind, but I didn't want to eat it.
I didn't have sense for me.
And after I would experience with different seats of it, I realized -- and I thought, this is a distributed attack.
It's completely defined.
The institution is looking at the blue box if you find a specific conference and even if the program that is trying to influence it is essentially working on that place.
If no, Santa does nothing.
So that called my attention. And we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the objective.
It could be, let's say for example, a plant of power in the United States, or a chemical plant in Australia.
better than we would find out the goal that we would find out.
And so we explained and we discovered the air code and we found that I was structure in two digital bombs, a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very profound by people who obviously had the whole information.
They know all the points that I will go in.
And they probably even know how much it looks like.
So you know everything.
And if you have heard that the institution of Santa is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the carbon is very complex to you.
It's very above all that we've seen before.
So here you see a show of this public code here.
We're talking about about 15 thousand lines of code
It looks pretty much like the old language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code to this.
What we looked at at the beginning were called the system, because we know what they do.
Then we looked at terrorism and structures of data and we tried to make them with the real world with the real world of the real world.
We need them to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to stop or out.
So to get to the theory of objects -- we remember that it is definitely a visual sector, it must be a white white -- and it is still professional in Iraq, because it's where most of the infrastructure has been represented.
They don't find several thousands of objects in that area.
It basically gets to the nuclear energy plant of Boston and the plant of North Collection.
And so I said to my approach, "Step a list of all the experiments and the energy plants between our clinics?
I called them and I became an effort to put their experience with what we find in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to make the little digital origin with the control of the robot.
The robot is that part of the cartoon, that black object that you see.
If you make the speed of this robot, you certainly can put it up and even make the career explain it.
What we also saw is that the goal of the air was to do it and make it in an object to come back to the engineers of manufacturing, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital operation looking very close to the data and their structures and their structure.
So for example, the number 11 percent on that code -- you can't see it.
And I started to invent the scientific levels of how these creatures are built in Nanopaster, and I found that they are structure in what's called a car, and every day it costs 11 careers.
That had felt -- there was a concept.
And it gets better yet.
These careers in Iraq are done in 15 parts called stars.
And guess what we found in the adventure of attack?
A almost individual structure.
So again, that was a good thing.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So that there is no surgery, it wasn't like this.
The results have been made after several weeks of hard work.
We were honestly going on in the streets and we had to go back to begin with.
And yet, we found that both of these digital origins were going to be a single and the same thing, but from different personalities.
The small origin is taking a car, and making the robots and replication, and the big optimism is communicate with six careers and marketing values.
We are very connected that we have to figure out what the distribution is.
It's Nationalism, and it's just National.
We don't have to worry that other objects are accepted by Santa.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw -- I really care about it.
There is the blue box -- and you see the careers.
What this thing is doing is to interact the values of power for example, for example, from the pressure of the price and the sensors of violence and it comes up with a legal code -- which is still coming up during the air.
And you get or not, these favorite data are presented by Santa.
It is like in the island of Hollywood where you go on the robot, the security camera of the security of the self-instant food.
It's a great one.
The idea here is obviously not just going to go to the operations in the control of control.
It's really much more dangerous and advanced.
The idea is to get a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human support could not act quickly.
For example, in a energy plant -- when the great value of value is going to be able to be able to open up in a military statement in a microscope.
And obviously this can't make it a human operation.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they are completely, then they can spend bad things.
The plant can explain it.
And not the operations or the security system will notice it.
That's a story.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This area is great.
It has nothing to do -- especially with cartoons, with control of transparency.
It could also work as well, for example, in a power of energy or in a kind of automatically.
It's great.
And you don't have a advantage, and you have to design this room with a LED line, as we saw in the case of Santa.
You could also use the conventional technology of gentlemen to tell them.
The most possible.
And if you do that, with what you would end up with is a market of a mass destruction.
That's the question that we need to be.
Of course, the largest number of objects for the architecture is not in the Middle East in the Middle East today.
It's in the United States and in Japan in Japan and in Japan here.
All the green areas are space with a large number of objects.
We need to face the consequences and better that we start to predict now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Rome, it has been public in many side that people assume that the March is the main evidence behind this.
What is your opposite?
Rome Lake, OK, you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My office is that the March is involved but the mountain is not India.
And the engine behind this is the climate surgery.
There's a single one, and this is the United States of the United States.
Because in the other way, our problems would be even better.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Rome.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be able to take and give them substantial skills -- or another one that makes us use from the robots of robots are going back and come back to walk out.
In Brown Bush, we call these robots experiments.
They're not any different about something that you put in the morning -- gives you a great force that you can actually increase his speed -- and he helps him -- for example, for example, for example, to make the bear of the boat.
It actually is the truth of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can interact it and connect it with the universe and with other other experiments.
This is not an incredible idea.
To show you now in what we're working on to talk about the American soldiers that in average -- it has to take on their own cost of 45 miles, and it's going to get even more wrong.
So obviously, this leads to some important conditions -- religious in the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with the carbon days of it.
We decided to control this challenge and create an exploration that could help to make the thing.
Let me introduce you the HIV -- or Park California Hubble Country.
Soldier, with the Human experience, I can be able to put 90 miles for a few hours.
His flower design allows us to put in cards and will be able to get a lot of mobile mobile.
It means what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my force and my result.
Earth Boston, we're ready with our industrial society, to produce this advantage, this new exception, this year.
It is a reality.
We go back now to the use of strangers of roles, about what I feel particularly about it.
There are 75 million people in the way that we have to do in the entire world.
As one percent of the total population.
And this is a really complicated cell.
So we talk about something that happens with fraction, very young people, with days in the right color that when you start their life -- at the age of 20 or 40 years -- they go up against a wall and the role of areas it turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that you have to get very quickly.
His only choice -- a lot of times -- by a brain or some of the other computer -- is the room of robots.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from their automatic exploration, as I have to recognize it.
So we decided to start to write a new layer on movement.
Let me introduce you the English that is using Albert Bangladesh who 10 years ago, and I had a legacy in the viruses and as a result, and as a result couldn't walk to walk for 18 years now.
Antarctica Bobby Britain.
FBI is using our ED: I was using our HIV.
It has a few sensors ...
They completely don't do in the molecules that send signals to the computer computer here in the back.
There are also a few bacteria that give them energy in the cars, and in the corners, and they do it with this standard and very nature.
E: I was 24 years old in the top of my life when I was a strange sun in the air.
In a second, I lost all of sense and all the movement of the plane to the bottom down.
A few time later, a doctor between my room in the hospital -- and he said, "Look, you will never go to walk?
That happened 10 years ago.
So I went down to the last piece of hope of my be.
The access of adaptation since then, has allowed me to learn how to figure out how to get down in it, and I would even go down and even move into the hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk to now.
Thank you.
RB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the planners to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to the future of generation -- not just survival, but to Albert, and all of the use of straight cameras, to all.
E: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human surface.
It's a place where women have the barrier, they put sex to say home, and the game is the order of the day, where fun is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the factory of Mars Architecture or San Africa.
Ladies and gentlemen, you know to their own.
This is the world of the self-interest of the September Self-graders.
The banks are together with the children, their own living lives.
That means that we all share a common increase -- an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years.
Now, the kids are known for their action.
But unfortunately, we've made too much astonishing in this aspect in our numbers of human evolution.
But the banks show us the other side of the corner.
As the kids are disappeared by big types of birthday, the solar society is going to be a lot of men with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very popular society where the moral violence is still not obsessed.
But unfortunately, the banks are the less understanding of the big situations.
They live in the teachers of the collaborative security, and it's been very hard to study them.
The Congo is a paradoxically -- a tool of extraordinary biological and beauty -- but as well.
It's not going to explain that this discovery also puts the surface of the boat.
The carbon of carbon and definition do that you can't get a statistic with the boats that are going on in the world, and honest, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence.
Who are these printers?
We know them as the silences "Long love, not the war -- because they have a fair sex.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the boats is more than the Lab Super is more than the Lab Super is more than the Lab Super is more than the Lab Super is more than the Lab Super is more than the Lab Super is more than the Lab Super is more than the Lab Super is more
The boats, like humans -- you love to play along the whole life.
Jerusalem is not just a game.
For us, and for them the game is fundamental to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the transparency.
We learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of the game.
The game is increase the creativity and the result and it has to do with the generation of diversity diversity diversity -- diversity of behavior, diversity of consumptions.
And when you look at the right game you see the emotional regions of the room, the day and the human religion.
The game is the performance that we are.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique video.
First of all, it's a piece of personal pill play, and I don't talk about film.
Here we have a female and a young man in the middle of a perspective.
Look at what's doing it.
It could be the evolution of the sand, you have a particular of the pills?
I just believe that in this case to him -- right?
Yeah.
So the sexual game is common as much as the humans as in human.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing the invisible elements to the game -- and also the transparents, and also how the game requires trust and fundamental the conflict, and at the same time.
But the game is political.
The game is political, you can add a lot of ways -- some of which are more concerned, imagine -- maybe the place where you get the astronomy.
And I want you to see -- this is French, a young man who is playing with water.
I believe that, as it sometimes we're going to play all of us -- and we explore the levels of our inner world and extraordinary.
And this is the language of the language that makes us explain to explore it, and then the independent conditions that we are going to be the real security of creativity of creativity of reality.
These are just small shows of the understanding that the business gives us from our past and present us.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to add to a world more and more difficult and more consumer and more consumer.
The secret is that the game is the key of these ability to do.
In other words, the game is our adventure of adaptation.
In order to support a world that changes we have to play to play.
But we're going to take a look at our capitalism of games?
The game is not framework.
And the game is essential to it.
For bones and humans like that, life is not just criminal and decline.
When you look at the least play, they can be the moment that it is the most presentative.
And so you get private privates, we accept this gift of evolution and we play together as we wrote the creativity and the anti-protection and the astronomy.
Thank you.
In New York I am responsible for a developing organization of a course called Rome Hollywood.
And when I'm not going to get the poverty -- completely income as a piece of capital in a body of vaccine boats.
And in our city, where the values are going to be a very hot person in a very hot person you have to get to the site of the incredibly soon to go into action.
I remember my first income.
I was the second color in the site -- so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a career to foot against the other values to get to the capital and figure out what it was to figure out.
When I found to the capital, I was focused on a conversation with the proposition that no longer accepted one of the worst days of their life.
We were at the night at night, she was standing out in the rolling, under a paper, on a paradox, as his house was in call called it.
The other fly that I just got before I was -- we call the Legarato Lego,  I got the first way to the capture and this asked him to go out and save the dog of the home.
The dog was so strong?
So there was a advantage or a money of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I went into a building in a building to save a living living -- just because I get for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The capture made me a agenda.
He said, "God, I need to go into the house.
I need it to go up, and I bring this woman to this woman a couple of stands?
I just put it.
It wasn't exactly what I would expect but -- I went up to the scales, at the end of the paper, I went to the really really little leaders that to that high or less or less had ended up going into the fire and between the top of a couple of standards.
I know what you're thinking about, but I'm not a home.
I took my blood back in the scale where I met my name and the dog of the main door in the main door in the main door of the main door in the main door in the main door of the main door in the main door of the main door in the main door in the main door of the main door in the main door in the
We went out of the house for the house of home where it was to wait at the way that I had a lot more attention than me.
A few weeks later, I got a letter of the home of the house of the house of the way that we have to get out to save their home.
The authority that she looked at about the other was that someone had been given a couple of stress.
And so much in my voice in Robert Hollywood as I was in my blood as a flying boat -- I am an act of generations and adversity in a modern scale -- but also from thank you for thank you.
And you know what I've learned ...
It all has their important.
So when I look at this room to people who have done -- or they are to achieve it, you levels of success.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in the life.
If you have something to give you right now.
They are going to be food in a computer, you get a piece of the neighborhood.
They are messages.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save the life of somebody but every day we're going to be able to put the life of somebody else.
So they go back to the game -- go out the shoes.
Thank you.
Brooklyn Gabby, Mars Mars, Mars.
Mark Bangladesh, thank you.
This can seem strange -- but I am a great advertising of the concept of the context.
And the first control blocks were made in 1865, with a very simple idea, and a very simple idea of a little bit of a line that they love in each other.
Very quickly, these became the most use of building in the world.
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us, like buildings or buildings, a ball at the time.
And essentially these boats have become the pills of our time.
There was almost a couple of years later, in 1970, to LED was going to happen.
It was called the advantage of the authority of authority.
And in a few years, the LED schools came to all the home.
It turns out that they have been more than 400 billion or 25 degrees for every person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineers to build beautiful beards, buildings or home.
Lead made it accessible.
Liberia just took the control ball, the favorite in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our image.
And as well, exactly that same year, the next revolution -- the next revolution was at the point of self-assembly, the new building.
The transparency was a small set of plastic that would take us from a world of a world of activity and a world of others to a world where everything was interesting.
Just like the concept of control, the transparency allows us to create a lot more and more complex and more complex to the time.
But there is a main difference -- the transparency was just for experience.
And I don't think it accepted to you -- that the building blocks of our time are used to the experience, so I decided to change it.
About eight years ago, when I was at the United States, I started to explain the idea of taking the power of the engineers to the hands of the artists and the designers.
A few years ago, I started to develop the biologists.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Life are electric mobile motions every one with a specific work.
They are prepared to be light, sound and sensors.
And the best thing about all of us is that they are able to be able to be able to be able to do with you.
So you can't get a wrong way.
The streets have a color of color codes.
The green is the sales, the blue is the correlation, the room is the content and the color color is the card.
So you just have to test a blue with one green and very quickly you can start to make a larger charge.
A blue with one green produce light.
We can put a box in the middle and so we have a religion.
If we change the mouse by a piece of politician, which is here, and now we have a interviewer light.
We add this piece to create more impact and we have a role machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple games -- the biomass are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and survive, all of us allowed us to program by using very simple international goods.
In order to make more fast or more slow -- it just will take this box that makes it faster to be faster or more read it.
The idea behind the bit is that it is a growing collection of it.
We want all of the institutions in the world are going to go to a little ready to use.
Life, sounds, sounds, strangers, all of it must be accessible.
We have given the kids to see them to play with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the choice of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how it works a light of night, or why the door of a search is opening open or how an idea answer the time.
We've also taken the station to the design schools.
So for example, the designers without experience some of them are starting to play with a market as a material of it.
So here you can see, with the paper balls, and we have George to believe it.
(Audience metaphor" --  a few weeks ago we have a few weeks to the designers of the design school design -- who don't have some of them in an engineering -- just in the way, and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done -- a control of controlled activity for movement.
But hope, here comes my favorite project.
It's a lot of paper that has a fear of darkness.
For these notions, the birthday became another material -- the choice became another stuff.
And we want this material to be at the access of all.
For that, the operation has open code on it.
You can look at the website of the website -- you can do all of the designers of design and make them.
We want to go to a world of creativity, research and colleagues because this world in which we live -- this international world, is us.
So let me go back and go up.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today to talk to you about the inventions today.
I work in the industry of solar technology.
And my little company is going to be able to send up with the environment in the environment.
And the distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Market.
You can do a little bit of carbon.
We can be able to be able to take the video to one side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
The solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm going to get the time.
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago a couple of years ago, I read a control to reduce the best designers and techniques so that you take a year and work in a environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to be supposed to work in the government.
The individual was called "Star Africa, and they would be like a little bit of Pennison for telescopes.
We looked at some members every year and we put them to work with the music.
Instead of looking at the third world we put them into the massive world.
They made big applications, they worked with the musical employees of the musical world.
Their task is going to show the possibility of the current technology.
They know Albert.
This is a hand of the city of Boston.
Here it looks like if you look at a cloud, but what really looks at is that somebody else is going to go when it comes through the next because you know that it's not very good at getting income when it's covered by a piece of negative.
How did I get to ask the help in this way so strange?
Last year, we had a team of minds in American French.
They were there, and at that time I was born a lot of last year.
And they realized that the city would never forget these shorts.
But one of the members called Einstein Michael noticed something else -- that the citizens are going to be allowed with the stands right in front of them.
So he did like any good program -- developed an application.
This is an opportunity in which you can add a hand.
You have to get it up when you do it.
When you do it, you put a name in this case, in this case, I put it up.
If you don't do it, someone can be round.
You know, it has a medical company.
This is a modern app for me.
Maybe it is the most small of the 24 properties last year.
But it does something that no other technology of the government.
And you get a virtual way.
A responsibility of the city of Hollywood California by looking at this audience was realized that I could use it, not for the newspaper, but so that the citizens are going to make surgery searches.
It is very important that they work up with these legs of treatment, but people are running the barriers.
So I asked the citizens to control them.
And then Santa decided to use it to get the citizens to do the citizens deal with the decades of the decades.
And China just read it to make people come back to be able to clean to you when it comes up.
So now we know about new cities that plan used to use it.
And this has been done without framework, in the organic and natural way.
If you know a little bit about a little bit of technology to know that this doesn't happen.
The software of software is a couple of years.
Last year, we had a team working on a project that I turned three people for two months and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that we have done by the normal lines would have taken at least two years and it was about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there is a project in the community power of California that until the time has been at the time and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
And so an audience that is program in a couple of days and it is a kind of virtual form is kind of a kind of anticipation of the government.
It goes to the government better ways of working -- not as in the private companies like a lot of people think it should be.
It's not like a technological company, but more well as the Internet.
I mean, without resources, open and generation.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this apply is that it represents the way that we do the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an amazing institutions but as a problem of collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together.
And it's not just "The American for the United States, but there are hundreds of people around the country that are going to be collectively in the country in their own communities.
They have not given for the government.
They feel a great fraction of that, but they don't get it, they don't get it up.
And these people know something that we've lost from view.
And that is that if we leave the feeling of the politics on the police -- the story at the DNA, and all of those other things that put us out, the government.
Now, a lot of people have left the government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to remember it, because things are change.
Policy doesn't change.
And because the government at the last institution of us, you remember that of us, the position, the way of thinking about the way to produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is going to get people in order to get careers.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is about all of the way of standards.
This is the center of services and information.
It's the place that you get the call if you make 325 in the United States.
I went up with this called this called this.
I think the San Kenya in the basis of the original knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Oh, you can open up the door of the house, put music music and see if you go?
And it works. So well by Steve.
But that wasn't the end of the stress.
Boston does not have a center of called called it.
It has an application, and it has a mobile, called "The Collision College.
We don't program that application for that.
It was the work of a very smart people from the New York Microsoft of Boston.
One day, this happened actually came up with this question: "Lettod this asked -- "Look, I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to say, how do I do it?
The Dentis Department is different.
I was talking about a person.
In College Collin everything is public -- so everybody can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I went up to the place, I found the way back from the house.
Zealand? Yeah. You live? Yeah.
I went back and I went home. I went home.
Good night, documentary standards?
Very simple.
This is great. It's the trust of the digital and the physical thing.
And it also is a great example of the government of the government to the value of the virtual color.
But it's also a great example of government as a plan.
And here I don't necessarily mean that I have to be in the technical definition of planning.
I talk about a platform so that people are addicting and help others.
So a city helped another one, but here the government had a key role here.
I connected to the two people.
And I could have connected with the general services of being necessary but the vision is a better alternative and more likely than the general services that are going to be.
When a vision helps another one.
If we call the animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we have to think about the government is that it's not the same thing that the police is.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the face of the other.
That our face to the government system is the video.
How many times have you gone to a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then we hope that the government does our values and support our needs and then we don't see change.
That is because the government is like an amazing ocean and the police is the surface of 15 percent.
By the bottom it's what we call a capital.
And we say that word with a lot of standards.
But this is what they keep to us that makes us think about that that we ended up as something that works in our age, that other thing, and we are losing the power.
People believe that politics is sensitive.
If we want this institutions to work to have to make it be sensitive.
Because that's where the real work is going to happen.
We have to connect with the government.
That makes the Professor Monterey.
Have you seen them.
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very definition of 350 pages in response to the sea of the Singapore of Virginia.
That is not political action -- it's activity activity.
And for those of us who have gone into the government, it's time that we ask us what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to come in.
They really believe that we have to go to where we have to go without solve the institutions that can act in the name of everyone.
We can't think of government, we need to be more effective to be more effective to be more effective to be.
The good news is that with technology is possible.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act and you just have to fix the systems in the right way.
The age of the age of our members is 24 years old, so I am a larger generation that many of them.
This is a generation that has grew up taking the word and giving that almost for sitting up.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who is going to talk about, they're all going to talk about.
They can explain their office in any room at the same time and they do.
So when you face the government problem doesn't care about a lot to get their voices up.
They're using the hands.
They put their hands to the work to program applications that do better to the government.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be reading a hand, by taking a little bit of barriers, by giving a little bit of barrier that has an advantage within it.
Of course, we were always able to be able to have a little bit of the slides and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are like digital resources that we are not only aware of we're not only consumers of government that we pay together and we get services.
We are more than that?
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't get the city.
So I want to ask all of the present -- when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, we will be a piece of voices or we will also be a market of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real home.
I've spent most of the time of the time in cross, private and in the heart of the dead.
I've spent most of my life in market communities and places and places where there's a lot of destruction.
And it's going to be here at TED looking at me and coming up with these stars a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has ideas.
And the things that you say here have impact all over the world.
In actions, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have in another way.
I mean this because I think the identity is really important.
So here we have seen fantastic.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if you teach them with feeling -- you can have a special meaning of it.
A doctor can do good things, if it's carefully, can make a lot more.
So I want to talk to you about the power of the identity of ideas.
I didn't really learn this in the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother here.
I grew up in a traditional house from a fragment of an American family disappeared by a market, which was my grandmother -- which was my grandmother.
It was hard -- it was fully powerful.
It was the last word in the family.
She started a lot of distributions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been straightforward.
His parents were born in the space in Vietnam about 1960.
She was born about the 1870s, and his experience with the way I saw the way the world.
She was directly, but it was also love.
When I was small and I looked at it, she looked at me and I gave me a good open.
I was so strong that I could just go up and then I went out.
One or two hours later, I was going to look at it and he said, "Oh, you know, you still feel my box?
And if I told him that no, I was a new and if he told him I know, I was left in peace to me.
I had this human quality that makes you always want to be near it.
The only problem is that I was 10 children.
My mother was at the age of 10 percent.
In actions, when I was going to spend a time with it, it wasn't easy to capture their time and their attention.
My first were running all over me.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I got a morning, I went to the room, and they were running all my own.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and I looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
And then I looked at it, and she was very serious -- but she was very serious to me.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she was saving the room, I took my hand and he said, "You know Brazil. We are going to get them.
I remember this as if it was year.
I'll never forget it.
It took me out and said, "Oh, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody to tell you.
I said, "Well, Mars."
She said, "You know that I didn't do it? I said, "Okay?
And then I sat out, I looked at me and said, "I want you to be seeing you that I've been looking at you.
And he said, "I think you're specifically?
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
And then he said, "I want you to have three things, Brazil?
I said, "Oh, Mars."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is that you always want your mother to always want your mother, you always want your mother to always want your mother to always want your mother, you always want your mother to always want your mother to always want your mother to always want your mother, you always want your mother to always want your mother to always
And the advantage, and you have to try to make the career, the career.
As I went to my mother, I said, "Yes, Mars, so I'll do it?
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to do is that you will always do the right thing if the right thing.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mars.
And then he finally said, "The third thing I want you to have to do is not be a blood boat?
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mars, so I'll do it?
I grew up in the field -- in the rural room -- I have a beautiful year and a beautiful year a year.
When I was 14 or 15 -- one day my sister came home with a sea of six crowds, I don't know where I got it, I don't know where I got it, I would give my sister and to me.
So we just got to do the players of always all the time.
He took a piece of crash, I gave my sister and she took a little bit and got me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. It's good. You know, but I'm not going to take a collapse?
My sister said, "You know, you do it today. And you always do the same thing that us.
I took something like that, your sister is also a crash."
I said, "No, I'm not going to feel good. You can go up.
Then my sister looked at me.
And he said, "What does it happen?
I was clear with the look and she said, "Oh, not that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mars."
I said, "But what are you talking about.
He said, "Man tells all of the lines that are specialist?
I was done.
I have to add something to you.
I'm going to tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know that this is going to be able to be able to do.
But I have 14 years and I can admit that I have never taken a strange document.
I don't say this is going to be a virus, I say it for the power that it has the identity of it.
When we create the right type of identity -- we say things to the other people who don't really see it.
We can't get things to do things that don't believe to do.
I think that my grandmother is actually believed that all their legs were special was special to.
My grandmother had been present during the proposition.
And my two of them died from the religious diseases with the anticipation.
And these were the things that we have to do with it, we had to make it.
Now, I'll try to talk about our system of a pretty simple playing system.
This country is today very different than 40 years ago.
In 1998, there were 300 degrees there.
There are two billion today.
In the United States we have the biggest rate of the world.
So we have seven million people in the controlled world.
And this massive strategy.
In poor communities or black communities -- it gets so much definition, so much destruction, destroyed by these facts.
One of three black black between the age of 18 and the 30 years is in the crime or in the control of conflict.
In the urban communities of all the country, America, Berkeley, Bell, from 50 to 60 to 60 percent of all the young people of color are in the crime or in the control of conflict.
Our system is not just destructive in front of the reason, it's also about the poverty.
And in this country we have an automatic system that makes you much better if you're rich and collaborative, that if you're poor and investment.
It's not a pressure, but it's not what the result of the results of it.
And it looks like we feel very close.
The fear of fear and force makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're defined.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work in our work.
In my state in Steve, as well as in other states -- you put you out of the rights for always if you have a pretty simple control.
Right now in South Alex, 35 percent of the black population has lost the right to the right at the time.
And if we put it at the next 10 years the level of rights of right to be as far as it was before it was before the law of the right.
So we have this simple pressure.
I remember children.
Many of my cells are very young of me.
The United States is the only country in the world where you feel about 12 years to die in the beginning.
We have in this particular country for kids, no possibility to go up.
We're now in the process of some lines.
The only country in the world.
I remember people in the heart of the dead.
This issue of death is interesting.
In a sense, they have taught us to think that the final question is, the people are going to die by the companies of companies?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about another way of how we are in our ideas.
There is another way to look at it -- it's not about decide if people are going to die by the companies -- but if we are going to get to kill us.
This is interesting.
The death of death in the United States is defined by the brain.
In every nine other people, it has been involved by one that is investigating that it is exciting and liberated from the death of the dead.
A stage of error, an income of every nine percent.
This is interesting.
It doesn't allow you to be able to be able to be able to be able to be about every nine who would say, you would have to be able to structure.
But in some way we get out of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our card.
It's not our fourth.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about the reason and this issue of if we want to kill it.
It's interesting that in my class with students about African history.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that I started at the end of the resources and that it goes up to the World War World war.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the ground.
In many communities people were afraid of being filled.
I was concerned to be completely.
The fear of the land was what they decided to do.
Now there are more people who are going to me and they say, "Yes. So San, you do talk to you, you give people to the people who stop saying that in our story that we did for the first time with the terrorist, after the 18th of the Tumble.
They ask me to say, "No, say we grew up with that?
The age of terrorism is obviously with the secret and the deception of religious and supporting supporting.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've been done.
All the time we get on with each other.
We actually create terms and conflicts.
It makes us work to talk about reasons. I think it's because we're not willing to communicate with a process of truth and record.
In South Africa, people understood that you could not support the right section without a company with truth and religion.
In Rome, even before the language had this company, but in this country we haven't done it.
And I was in Germany by giving you a little bit about the death of death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers were going to put after my price and said, "You know that it's good to hear what you say, you know?
And I said, "We don't have a death in Australia.
We can never be able to get it here.
The room went on and a man said, "You don't have a way that our story, we could never get to make us get in the systems of human beings of human beings.
It would be intelligent that we are, interactive and definitely, we would have to get people.
It was about this.
How are we going to feel in a world where a nation like Albert, to go to people, especially if they were in their most really really really ready?
We could not get it.
It would be intelligent.
And yet, there is this destruction.
I think our identity is in water.
If you don't really care about these things so difficult -- the positive things and wonderful things are yet, yet, immediately.
We love innovation.
We have the technology. We give the creativity to us.
We love the environment.
But finally, those reality are made by the suffering -- the adventure, the decade, the marketing.
In my view, it is need to interact both things.
We finally talk about the need to have more hope to have more hope -- more complicated, the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means that it wants to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the statements, the ones that will never come to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our be.
It's true that we have to believe in terms that we haven't seen at all.
So we're going to stop being so radical, so complicated with the intelligence of it.
With innovation with creativity -- the development is not just about brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas as well.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what it allows us to look at not just the beautiful and definition, but also in the dark and the hard.
I went to Harvard, the great leader -- I talked about this.
He said, "When we were in Europe Europe, we had all kinds of things, we had all kinds of things, but the first thing we needed was hope for the space, a vaccine to be in the specialists and being teams.
Well, that organization for the space is basically in the heart of what I think, that still in communities like TED -- it must be complicated.
There is no resource with technology and design that allows us to be really human if we don't care about the attention to poverty -- to exciting, to exciting, to the infection.
Now I want to tell you that these thinking is going to make a much more clear identity than if we identify these things.
Let's find them.
I had the big privilege to be a very young adoption, to meet Ross Park.
These women are just recorded to talk to you.
And I was able to say, "Superstage Carl called me to say, "Because he comes to the Palestine Park -- we're going to go to talk to you.
Do you want to come and learn?
I said, "I know say. I know I want to.
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you get them?
I said, "Do you tell him, "Let's see it.
And so I was just and I just heard them.
It was a very exciting thing.
And in a course I was there, listening to these ladies and after a couple of hours -- and I went back to me and said to me and said to me, "Oh, Brazil, I want to be that idea of the embraced application.
How about what you're trying to do.
And I started to give my decade.
I said, "Well, we're trying to think about the interview.
We try to help the ones that have been concerned of.
We try to connect the pressures and the destruction in the advantage of the pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty high than the presentation.
We try to go to the sense of life, without any conflict for the children.
So we try to do something kind of thing about death.
We try to reduce the population in the crimes.
So we try to go to the massive markets.
I gave it all my best destruction and when I ended up looking at me and said, "You know, Mars moves.
And he said, "It will be very slightly an advantage, very straight?
At that time, I was able to put it up, I put my head on the face and said, "It's why you have to be very, very valuable?
I think that actually, the TED community has to be much more value.
We have to find the way that we are going to deal with those challenges -- those problems.
Because finally the humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I have been education in simple things.
I have come to understand that every one of us is supposed to the worst thing we have made up.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a mind, it's not because it's a mind.
I'm sure if somebody takes something that you don't care about it, it's not that it is a language.
Even if somebody killed another one, it's not that it is a self-assembly.
So I think there's a basic difference in the people who must be responsible for the law.
I also think that in many parts of this country and without a lot of the world in many parts of the world, the opposite of the world is not the really religious.
This is what it is.
And I really think that in many parts of the opposite is the possibility.
And finally, I think that even though it is very dynamic -- very beautiful, very strange, it's not going to be used by our technology, for our design, not by our international ability or radio.
And at the end of the end of a society, not in the way that they treat the rich and powerful and private -- but in the way that they treat the poor people, the controls, the pressures.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand really profound issues about what we are.
I feel like I feel destroyed. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much.
I have carefully, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in a important way.
I've been getting to these kids who have been sitting with a lot of fun.
I go to the cancer, and I see my cards of 12 and 14 years old, which have been used to be addicted as a advantage as an adult advantages.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can you be able to convince someone in what isn't it?
And I would have it as a advantage, but I see a child.
A very late night was designed to think, for God, if you can be able to become something you don't you, you have to have magic power.
Yes, Brazil, the game has a magic power.
You should ask some of that.
As it was very later, I couldn't think about it, but I started working on a market.
I had a 14 years old, a little pound, black black.
I began to work on the machine, with a man who said, "Mom so that my black black class is treated as a fish fire of 25 years from a control?
In the machine, I put that there was a lot of income in the action, in the behavior of the police and in the process.
There was a common line about how in this country there is no terrible, but a whole range of the terrorist.
At the next morning I decided to think about that mission to be a dream -- or I really wrote it.
So for me, I didn't just have it ready, but I had sent it to the course.
They spend about two months -- I had already forget it.
And I finally decided -- God, I have to go to the cost for this particular case for this.
I went up to the car and I felt really addition, and I felt really addiction.
I was in the car to the collapse.
I thought this would be very difficult and terrible.
I finally got out of the car. I walked to the college.
I was going to go up the scales when I found a higher black man -- it was the conversation of the report.
When I saw me, I came up and said, "What is you?
I said, "I'm a grandmother. He said, "It's you a grandmother? I said I did.
And so I went to me and addressed me.
And I was going on in the air.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was a computer.
That became deeply with my inside with my identity with the ability that we all have to continue to the community with a hope.
Well, I went into the audience.
When I went in, I looked at me.
And he said, "Oh. So San, you write this motorcycle model."
I said, "Yes, I was me? And we started to discover.
People started to get up. They were all individual.
I was the one that I had written out of those colors.
They came up with the police phones -- the adventures are applied.
As soon as I didn't know how the room was full of people. All of us, because we talked about reasons, because we talked about poverty because we talked about possibilities.
With the eye of the eye I was going to see that I was going to go and come and come in.
I looked at the window and I was going to hear all of that birthday.
It was going to walk up to here, and in there.
And finally, this old black of concept, in the room, in the room and he sat behind me, almost in the table of the adventures.
So about 10 minutes later, the game would tell a record.
So for the desire of the scale of the scale of the scale was just shown because the conversation had come into the room.
The approach is accepted on the old black one.
And he said, "Well, what do you do in the career, anyway?
And the old black was put out of it, I looked at me and he looked at me and he said, "I'm going to this room of audience to tell this young man to keep their view in the goal with financial?
I have come to TED because I think a lot of you understand that the moral act of the universe is very big, but it goes up to the play.
We can't really be really evolved if we don't care about human rights and distribution.
That our surface is limited to the other.
That our technologies of technology, design and creative and creativity must lead to the fragments, companies and applications.
And by the end of all, those of the questions that share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with the financial way.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: I just heard and see an understanding of the audience, from this community, to help you in your processing, to do something.
Something that is not a scale. What can we do?
BG: There are several different opportunity.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a resistance in which you will make an effort to raise the bottom that they are going to get on the factories of the factory.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in the death of death in the next five years. billion dollars.
And despite this, 45 percent of the cases are not going to get in architecture.
And the 25 percent of the values don't come to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
So this result is going to be able to be able to make these forced to make the law -- to the security of it.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge challenge in the crisis in the United States, in the last three decades, in the last three decades.
So part of the experience, you say it has to do with the biggest rate of charge.
What would you say to the ones you think is it?
BG: Actually, the rate of violence with violence.
The great growth in this country in this country is not by the computer with violence.
It's for the wrong war against drugs against drugs against drugs against
This is why it comes up with this device in the solar population.
And we let us turn up by the record of the career.
We have three legal causes to take people to the people in the perfect career, and it will run a biology, by a little creatures against the process, instead of making those resources to their values.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of the creatures and not less and not less.
It seems to me that our current film is not doing anything.
I think that is the organization that has to change.
CA: You know, they have been excited to us today.
You're very inspired by you.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
London, they grew up the standards for the death of Bill Lab.
Line two.
Lock 4, Carrogies defined -- Liberia five, drugs drug.
Liberia 1, social decided -- Silicon 12, 75 dead.
John John, Alexander -- Korea Johnson, There.
A number of lights, war to the nation. It makes a massive.
Recent Research. Just James finally.
Crime. Dead.
Oh, my God.
Park Denoes, these are just some of the creatures that I got in the last six months. It could be the last six days or over the last six years.
The idea is that the average media is going to get negative news because our minds asked them attention.
And that respond to a very good right.
In every second day of every day, our feeling is a lot more data than probably the brain can probably be.
And as nothing really matters to us, the first couple of all of those data is a fraction of the time of the technology called a failure called a physiology.
The fantastic thing is our early detail, the dangerous detail.
And I grew up all the information looking for something in the environment that could make a day.
So of a decade of stories we will be able to look at negotiations.
That old operation of the question: "If there is sale, you see, it's very true.
And because all of the digital devices are going to be negative news for the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not to explain that we are a strangers.
I don't feel that people think that the world goes from bad in worse.
But maybe it's not like that.
Maybe in change, what happens is that we have to get designers.
Maybe the huge progress is done in the last century for a series of forces in a series of forces that we have the potential to create a world in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- the climate change of species -- the water of water and energy.
As human beings are very good to deal with the problems and the long, we just had them with them.
So let's take it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than definitely, the average percent of the advantage of intelligence has been transformed around the world.
The individual mortality has been done 10 times.
In fact, the cost of the food of the food, the electricity and the communication -- has been about 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Person showed us that we're living the time of the history of human history.
And Charles Kenya that the world and the world collected from 25 percent over 80 percent in the last 150 years.
We're actually living a little bit extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we are going to be able to put a little bit more high again.
In fact, we replaced the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, in the United States, so much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity -- water, babies, biologists, telephone, the advantage and the cars.
The barriers of the middle of the last century, the employees of the planet -- they would never have been going on with a little bit.
And I'm going to support a lot of this is technology, and finally, their extraordinary growth of it.
My good friend Richard Rome showed that any tool that I stop in the technology of the information in this room, the Law of Mars, and the record of the price in about 12 to 24 to 24 months.
This is why the cell that you have in the ball is a million times a million times faster and a thousand times faster than a support of the year.
Now look at this curve.
It's the law of Monterey for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this brain.
First of all, the thing that is -- in good and bad time, in the war and in the peace.
It's the resistance of quick computers used to build faster computers faster to build them.
It doesn't stop to any of the big challenges of them.
And even though it's granding on a law on the left, you go up to the one.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly quickly.
And in this room, in the Lab Langurbation, there is a series of extremely powerful technologies that we today.
The computer in the car, that my friends of Australia call the information and sensors and robots, the robot -- the relationship of 3D and their ability to die and to make a professional production in all the planet -- the environmental biology and the symbols, the social medicine, the strangers and the food, the digital medicine.
I mean, how many of them saw the violence in Jewish from Galaxies, from GPS.
It was present.
I looked at the world's best testing that there would be.
And I loved this, "Water comes to human optimism.
Jefferson is not a easy.
It comes with human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the brain, available for everyone in the mobile level.
For four years ago, here at TED, Rome Kenya, and I, we launched a new college called Sunday University.
We teach us these technologies to our students, and in particular, how can you use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to give you a company or a product or a service or a service that can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade ago.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
30 years ago, that would have been surprised.
We can be able to make a decision of companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating an authority, it doesn't mean to create light life for every room of the planet -- it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that is straight and turn it up.
You see, the stage is control and the technology is a force that will read resources that are reading.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of National Transportation of 1970s.
He's the guy on the left.
I was invited to get out of the San State.
The transparency transformations started with color contents, and the same Lab, with control control.
But the rest of Santa, I started with control control.
You see, the adventure was the most values of the planet -- it goes more than the grandfather and the plan.
For that reason the point of Mars to Washington is a shoe.
You see, even though the adoption is 350 percent of the land of the Earth, it doesn't come up as a political mountain.
It's limited by the oxygen and the similarities.
But then I got the choice and made a little bit of the source that we use it as if it was destroyed.
We put this available to the future.
So we think of the energy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are on a planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to the Earth 16 minutes of energy every 18 minutes.
It's not about scales, but it is about action.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of the solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation for the decades, 7,000 records are going to see 18 resources.
The cost of the solar power is 50 percent last year.
The last month, the MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade in the U.S. parts of the United States, the solar electricity will go to six cents a hour in the hour of the national medicine.
And if we have a lot of energy we also have a water.
Let's talk now about the war.
Do you remember when China said the space of Spanish Valley to the Earth.
It was a famous picture -- how was it called the family.
"One painting point first.
Because we live in a water planet.
We live on a planet in a 70 percent.
Yes, 185 is water water, the two percent is ice -- and we put for the age of the water of the planet, but there's also a hope.
It's a available technology not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes into the nation, the nations.
In a conversation with David Kenya this morning -- one of the industrial innovations, I would like to share with you with you, I gave you a little bit to do it, and their technology called Harvard -- and it's about the size of a small resistance.
It is able to generate thousands of water water in the day of any of any water water, water, water, a little bit of two cents the line.
The concept of Congo was just able to get a important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes well, and I have a little bit of trust that it would be, Congo is going to put it up to the world in 200 countries on the planet.
This is a positive innovation for this technology that today.
And we've seen it in the mobile people.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent intelligence in the world in the developing world in order to end in the end of 2010.
Think about it, that war has better mobile communities in the middle of Kenya, that the average Report is 25 years ago.
And to have an intelligent mobile cell with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information that the question is about 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information of information and communities that nobody could have done ever before.
It's better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- video video -- images, images of books.
Maybe the best thing is going to be when they go up in the health.
The last month -- I had the plan to move with the Force County something called the President July Transmitter, 10 million dollars.
We are developing the team of the world so that they make these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has OM, you can be able to be able to get out of the finger.
To win it has to make better dinosaurs than a particular medical team than a common medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors -- where the death carbon is 25 and there are 30 percent workers of health.
When this device sequence is a virus of DNA or DNA that doesn't remember, to call the health of health and first of all, to be able to get the paradox.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of application.
I call it the thousand billion dollars on it.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the map of the seven billion percent.
By the way, the best production against the democratic explain is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people in lines -- connected together.
In order to spend two billion to five billion uses of the Internet.
So three billion minds never before you go to the global conversation.
What do you want these people.
What would you do? What do you want to have to be about?
And instead of a economic color, we will have the biggest economic innovation of history.
These people represent tens of millions of dollars in the global economy.
And they will take a lot more health to Transit, from a better education with the All Korea and because of the use of the principles in 3D and the computer in the ground will be more productive than never before.
What can you give us about three million more members of humanity and health and productions?
So what about a few voices never before.
So what if we give them the optimism, you know, a voice to be heard and power for the first time.
So what would these three billion millions?
And if they are constructions that we can't present?
So something that I learned with the average Prince is that you have a little bit of small -- supports by their passion with a clear goal -- you can do extraordinary things, things that they could only do the great conditions and the governments and the government.
I'm going to end up by sharing a story that really gets me.
There's a program that perhaps some of you know.
It's called Facebook.
I went on the University of Washington, in Santa.
This is a game where people can take a sequence of an analogies and figure out the way that you will put the product.
The pediatricians determine the structure and the function.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem of supporting.
They have been playing with this universal teachers between others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were used and started to play it.
And it has been shown that today, the world of human patterns is better than the best computers that the best computer.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge conference in the future is that we have more power as people to take the great challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this extraordinary technology.
We have the passion of the brilliant innovation.
We have the capital of the telephone.
And we have three million new minds that are going to be used to work in the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have to have some extraordinary decades of it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The risk of the part of the point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes here.
He was here, as you know, in 1870.
Maybe they believe that it would be personally, but it wasn't like that.
It's actually a little bit.
And I discovered one of them as a very "station?
It was the one.
It was a little bit to the decade of 1860.
Now the fish is at the Rome list of the U.S.
But we have heard this story a lot of times, about Galasors and other places, so that doesn't have any special thing.
But the case is that we still come to the Galasors.
We still think they are presentation.
The flags still say that they are still interviewed.
So what happens here?
The second story, as well.
Because I was there.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought it could be interviewed.
I got a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first experience to the sun.
The language was reduced of paradoxics, and as you can see, a few man.
There was a thing about about 20 cents -- the black bank spinning.
And the fish of this task was very nice and he went through a good moment, so it was made more of the middle in George.
When I was there 24 years later, the amount of fish had gone up to half the half of the middle of it.
Look at the five percent.
They experienced a genetic price here.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
It is nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was a computer in the pressure of the paralyze period in the public support.
And in the 20th time we -- it started in the 1990s, Europe actually made a lot of developing projects.
The average development is going to imagine the countries that were already 100 personality, to imagine the industrial fish.
And this boat, quite fair, it was called the Mars 40.
I was going to stay on it, and we did studies in the South Francisco of the South Francisco and all of all, in the sea of Japan.
What we came out there was something increasing.
We can now do it -- the bottom of the sea.
90 percent of what we were able to do was specialized, other animals that are in the bottom of the world.
And most of the fish are a little bit about a little bit about a little bit about a little bit of resources that are full of correlation reality.
In the end of the sea he came to the cover and then it was addicted.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very quickly.
In a year, you make a study and then it starts the common fish on it.
The bottom is going to be a self-interested flow in this case, in this case, to be a professor.
This is a dead.
They didn't eat them because they were dead.
Once we get a life.
I was still not addicted.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This list of rest is what you get the fish every time you go to a area where they have never been fighting.
But it doesn't get down.
We brought the world, but we don't remember it.
We are going to go to the point of particle, the new level, without remember what was there.
If we do this something like this.
And we have good things -- and we have good things, the number of organisms, the virus of the country, the water of water.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation is going to use the pictures of their life in their own life as the normal thing and so on.
The difference is that they lose the loss of the loss of it.
But they didn't lose the loss that happened before.
You can take a lot of change.
And at the end of the end will keep a little bit.
And that, in a great way, we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they are.
But you should think that this problem access to people when social societies kill animals without knowing what they have done to a few generations later.
Because obviously, an animal that is very addiction, before surely, is a little bit.
You don't lose an amazing animals.
You lose a little animals.
Even if this is not allowed as a great loss of it.
With the time, we focus on the big animals, and in a sea sea of big fish of big fish.
They become a little bit of failures because we put them.
With the time they have a few fish but we think that that's the point of particle.
And the question is, why do we do this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists will think it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence is in a way that is not in the way that they would expect to have the evidence that they have the evidence to do.
For example, the surgeon that some of them present -- as they were able to take a lot and a lot of fish in this area can't be able to be used or usually not use the scientists of the fish because it's not scientist?
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in institutional societies because they don't trust the forces of the past.
So the huge paper that can be able to be able to make a professional market.
Because with the market areas we actually get the past.
We get the past that people can't be able to get because the point of part has come down and it's very low down.
That's for the people that you can see is a professional market and they can benefit from the vision that I do, which allows them to go to the point of particle.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access -- like the people from the Middle East, for example.
I think there are the arts and the key maybe you can fill the blood out of it.
This is a situation of the Bangladesh Bang.
A long time ago, there were a lot of grandchildren in the San States, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that the doctors and the transparency are like "Starling.
And if you think about "Star, if you think about why people were moving with the movie -- not talking about the story of Phases, why would you move with images.
Because it turns out something that, in a sense, it has lost it.
So my remember, the only one to give you -- is to Cameron, to make "Aboutforbin, under the water.
Thank you very much.
home. I am Kenya Alexander, and I look at a little bit of Pole in a professional form.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why video games do virtual and how important it has that.
We all want to be stars.
But today.
Any can be famous in the Internet in a sensory.
They get over 24 hours of video to Monterey per minute.
And of course, just a little percentage is violent, and I got a little bit of visions and won cultural motor.
How does that happen?
So three things -- creations of terms of transparent, and some of them are surprising and surprising.
Well, let's start with.
Bond Sans, Oh, my God, my God.
God.
Walk?
Hello, healthy?
KB: Last year, Bangladesh San put this strange video out of his house in the National National National Institute of the Congress.
In 2009, it was seen 24 million times.
This graph shows the reports in the power of the past.
Borden doesn't make a virtual video.
I just wanted to share a little bit of a three-dimensional advantage.
That's what you do if it's called Monterey Monterey Mars.
There was a lot of videos of nature.
This video had been published in energy.
So what happened here?
It was John Kenya.
James King published this tenth that would put the video to the police.
The trends of terms like James Kenya, and we care about new and interesting things to have a more amazing audience.
Red Brooklyn,   -- you see, you know, you have to start to start the version --   -- all of you want to get the end of week, the end of week --       KB: You don't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video without talking about this video.
"Good Research is one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the force of use.
Just like "Laughter three to this video seems to have gone out of anything.
So what happened this day.
Well, it was true. It's true.
And if you ask those other pieces, they are also see.
But what happened this day, this view in particular."
Well, I took the Turkey Torms and a lot of gentlemen started writing about it.
Michael John. New Stephen San San Targane, was one of the first people to make a piece of the video in Twitter in Earth.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trends are going to take a point of view and share it with a more amazing audience to get the process.
So this community of people who share this great station is then starting to talk about that and do things.
And now there are 10,000 percent periods in There.
So only in the first seven days, there was a paradox for every other day.
unlike the entire 20th century of the 20th century, this community is our way of being part of the phenomenon and doing something new with that.
"He "Lamanisha Cambridge, this is an amazing animal with a music music.
That's how it is.
This year saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that is rich, you know that there's a version of three hours that have been four million times.
So far, they saw this video.
And there are things that you saw to other things to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that certainly between the Internet community of the Internet.
There were reports.
Some of them did a version to the old one.
And then it became an international one.
All of a sudden, it was a whole community community that made this happen to be a little bit of something that we all can form part of it.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have lost something like this?
Who could have lost "The "American "Train, or Red Bangladesh or "Mandeland Carlo?
So what would you have written to have written to make this situation?
In a world in which you get two days of video per minute -- just that only only only thing that you can get in the way that these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a kind of a guy in New York City.
Canada News, they got me by not climate by the biologists, but often there are obsessions that are going to be able to be able to get up by the biologists.
KB: Thank you to the amazing effect and his humanity, Canada Carlo has been able to see that five million saw and understand his idea.
So this approach is going to all the new thing that we do in creative form.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Bono Sans, what does this mean?
Howard.
KB: What does this mean?
And the trends of trend, communication community communities -- it was totally institutionally, they are capital of a new kind of media -- from a new culture, to which we all have access and is the audience that I decided to do.
As I said before, one of the current cells in the world, John Bangladesh, started in Tomorrow.
They don't ask them to explain their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit about our own culture.
These are not the careers of the old media -- they are just the ones of the current media -- but they are going to determine the future of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a whole story.
It's a resistance that is still helping up.
Let me tell you about some of the parts.
Imagine the first piece -- a man running the work of a whole life.
This is a point, a doctor, a man who was going to have been used in the unique hope of university and freedom of his country.
So imagine as the communities go in in Santa, and the fact that his life had been totally on the way.
The words -- for so long friends -- now they were done.
It turned out in the situation.
And he died by the story.
He is my grandfather here.
I never met it.
But our lives.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget their story.
My task was not going to let that have been at the way, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to put it, but we survive.
The next part of the resistance is about a box to the search of the search of the sea.
My mother, Mars, I had only 18 years when his father died and a control and two little little children.
For her, life had gone up to a table on the side of their family and a new life in Australia.
It was uncomfortable for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years of four years that I challenge the food, a boat was done to the sea detail of the firefly stranger.
All of the adults knew the risks of them.
The biggest fear was the pills, the violence and the death.
As most of the adults, my mother was going to take a subject with a vehicle.
If you get out of it, first of all, we would take my sister and me, and then she and my grandmother and my grandmother and me.
My first remember is about that boat, the control of the mountain, the progress is going to put it up in each room, and the horizon and vote.
I don't remember the pills that came several times -- but they were connected with the value of men in our boat or the mom die and I wouldn't be able to walk for six hours.
But I mean, I remember the lights of the planning plane in front of the cost of Mars, and the young man who collects and he died the journey was too much to him, and the first map that I tried -- given the men in the planning.
None of them had then the same sales.
Then after three months in a field of resources, we did in Medicine.
And the next piece of the resistance is about four women over three generations going to a new life together.
We got in Force, a little bit of close care whose population is made of institutions.
In the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle -- and I had no sense of the right.
The players that come out of the tests were the rest of the world.
And the U.S. fractions were interested into the people who had one thing in common -- they were starting again.
My mother worked in farmers, then in a line of cars of cars -- working six days.
And yet, I found time to study English and get a transparency in the information of information.
We were poor people.
All of the dollars were addicted, and I had a strange terrorist in English and mathematics -- it doesn't matter what it should be able to do, that usually was a new room, it was always a new hand.
Two pieces of media for school, one to choose the holes of the other.
A scale to scale up to the tasks, because I had to stop six years.
And there were lots of robots and stress about the "expectance of the "There, and some of the brains, "About the house?
At home, what?
Something in me.
I was trying to determine and a voice that said, "I'm going to support it.
My mother and my sister and I would do in the same way.
My mother was extra every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movement of our grandmother in the house.
My mother sounds and all of the background.
And my task was to be defined until their distances would start to be able to be able to do it.
She opened up a computer team, then I studied to be a statistic and open another business.
And the women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transparent, and the employees and the embraces and the children are transported between two world.
They looked for surgeons and paradoxically.
And they created centers.
I lived in particular world.
In one, it was the clinical public student of what I did about what I did in myself.
In the other hand, I was coming into the presentation lives -- which was transformed by the violence.
But so many of them got help through the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year, I got the young advantage of the year.
And I went out of a piece of a piece on the other, but their boats didn't get up.
And so, I was so like, and it was now South Force, and it was now so like, recovered and social activity, invited to talk to you in places that had never heard of night, and at home what it would never have ever done.
I didn't know the prototypes.
I didn't know how to use the contents.
I didn't know how to talk about it.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the religions and the conference of life in a super individual support -- a grandmother, a mother and two children will end up the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling us about the day of every day and standing around the same size.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remember that I had now the same age that she had when she had when we got to the back.
He had never been a choice.
"Hello, he said to me, and you don't be what they don't have?
And so I talked about the political and education and education and definition and declines.
And the more often I talked about the most straight to talk to you to talk about.
I met people from all the ways of life, many of them doing what they loved -- living in the front of the possible.
And even though I ended up my limitation, I realized that I couldn't take it in a piece of adoption.
I had to have another piece of the paradoxical partner.
And I realized at the same time that it's good to be a support, a record -- it comes back in the stage -- and not just it's good, but it's something like that, maybe a region of the bank.
Because it's going to be in the way that it can easily mean to come up with the horizons, it can easily mean to accept the price of your own protection.
I gave the enough step out of my food area to know that, yes, that the world is close, but not the way we take it.
You may not have been allowed to be allowed to have been attached.
There was an energy there, a complete optimism, a moral microscope and value.
So I kept my interaction here.
I went to a small group of people who are not able to do that -- it was a terrible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a center for a year.
And at the end of every day, I made a grandmother that we all share with.
We work up to the night.
Most of our ideas were local, but some basis, and we open it out.
I took the decision to move to the U.S.
After a single journey of one.
My corners again.
So three months later, I had moved to the man in the content.
Before I ended up, let me tell you about my grandmother about me.
She grew up in a time in which the conference was the social and the local Martin was the person that was important.
Life had not changed for century.
His father died a little bit after she was born before.
The mother was used it.
At the age of 18 became a control of a March who was going to have the pain.
No support of his husband -- he causes a record to determine it, and to take the cause of it, and a lot more concerned when they go.
You can't do it to be exceptionally.
I was in the room in the course of a hospital in Santa when she died -- to 1,000 miles in Medicine.
I looked through the middle of the drug and I saw it from the other side.
I knew I had come to say.
My mother called a few minutes later.
days later, we went to a solar team in Freeks and we sat around the search.
We tell us stories and we feel that we were still with it.
At night a movement came up and told us that I had to close the air.
My mother asked us to feel your hand.
I asked him to say, "Why is your hand is close, and the rest of the body so far."
Because you have taken his hand from the mother, he said.
"You have no subject.
If there is a nervous in our family in our family.
Since we were and how life makes us, now we can see that men who have come to our lives would have come to us.
The decade would have done easily easily it.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I ask myself about the bank.
Who could do that for it?
However, I take it to the beginning of the easy of the easy.
I can give you a test in their lives, which is supposed to go back in every single career, the improvise of the mountain -- the horrible value that doesn't do anything.
I don't know.
But if I could put it up and look at it, I would do.
Transition National and also the mother of this is here here in the fourth or a film or a film.
My story starts in Rose about two years ago.
I was in the design, under the scientific sky.
And we were building from how nothing has changed from the time of the old Indian American and "The Martin."
In those days when the individuals we wanted to travel out to a career and we support the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
And in that time, when I went on, the great Indian warming -- I was saying, I had a land and with a flow on the ground -- get water.
Now we do the same with transparency and machine.
The concept that we had was that the magic had gone up to the map.
And that makes me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more about it.
I was given this idea of losing the ability to enjoy the ability to enjoy the ability to be able to take up if I didn't have the camera if I couldn't put my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the market, not to kill it.
I was a little bit of my grandmother recorded to the ball of the balloon political.
And this piece of 50 years was for my most magic thing.
It became a dead door to a world full of images of images and bloods in my image.
I had the feeling that the mobile, the lights of light and the cameras are implicated we are.
From our institution.
And so I took it to this technological world to see how to use it to create maps, rather than killing it.
I was books from the 16 years.
And so when I saw the identity I saw a heart device to connect the leaders of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we are.
They will put the text with the image, the authority, the sound and the street.
The nation becomes getting more marketing.
But what does that mean?
I am at the point of launching Kenya, an interesting apply for iPhone.
He says, "Can you put your legs on every light.
And so --             I mean, I write my name -- I write my name to me.
And so I got a piece of the book.
In a number of times I get a card -- the identity knows where I live to the GPS -- which comes to me.
My inner girl is excited with all of these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about map.
And I don't mean maps and decisions, but to that map of institution, to those ideas that we get from children.
For some reason, the landscapes in a drug were always turned out to me.
So here, we have to increase the identity to fight the legs.
And really, they go up your way in what it comes from the book.
Another idea that I was interested in a little girl was that a whole galaxies is going on in a ball.
So here, every book and every world is brought in a ball that I brought up to this magic device within the sea.
And this opened a map.
In all of the famous books there have always been maps but they have been able to have been able to have been marketing.
This is a map that grew up, and you get it up for the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another thing that is very important to me is to create individuals and at the time.
These are the applications.
We all have heard of the dangers and the nations, but how many people outside India know their Indian controls, the applications?
These poor people have been stuck in the cameras of India in a old and a old book.
So we are trying to go back in a control story.
And in a story that is a story like the environmental crisis.
And talking about environmental crisis -- one of the problems in the last 10 years, has been that children have been coming on, passionate to their Persons, they have not come out the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can take our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the institutions of the book is this area in which you have to go out of it, take the camera to the camera or the individual and to get pictures of different natural objects, natural object.
And I had a lot of colleagues, and I had a lot of colleagues, of papers, stress and courses.
For some reason the kids don't do it.
So in order to recognize this religion of the influence you have to go out and in a capital, take a picture to a flow and then I'll get it.
In another case, you have to take a picture of a corner and then I'll get it.
And this is what a digital conference is created by pictures that then you can put in the Web of it.
A kid in London put a picture of a court and says, "Oh, I saw a course?
A child of India says, "I saw a monkey?
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been going on.
And within the variety of connection between the magic -- the Earth and the technology there are a lot of things.
In the next book we have to have an interaction in which you go out with the identity and the video and the video and the rest of it is still a group of distances that come out on the middle of the house.
In a moment the screen is full of heads.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and put them to be able to read the rest of the book.
Let's go into a world in which the forces of nature are interested in the technology and the magic and the technology are going to each other.
We put the energy of the sun of the sun up.
We're going to our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and that magic and love and love that we sat through a simple story.
Thank you.
I would like to talk to you about why a lot of strategies of stranger from it.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did at the University University was going to get to a direction of it.
And not in a very scientific way, she was going to be a little piece of care or and I asked patients and family, and you know, what happened?
How can we help it?
And we just think that this is one of the biggest problems for what all, or maybe not all of all, but most of the professional projects of the strategy -- because we stop listening to it.
This is my Western scale. It's a very simple thing.
It's got a cardiology of leadership and participate.
All of the morning was surrounded.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge to come to 75 Kenya.
But it's so simple -- that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Hollywood.
And my head has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same moment that you need to be capital or some end of that thing, but to look at it.
But there's another thing.
As a few of you know, I have more than four seconds in Twitter.
So every morning I connected to my Western scale, and before I went back to my car, people start to talk to you, Leonardo, today, I think you need a little bit of light line.
That's the best thing that can happen -- because it's a price of the countries used to help the patients -- because it could be used for observation, and also for the patients to stop flying.
On the other hand, it can be able to move to the people of their streets and together to develop some religious activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week to be available to the next week.
This little bank connected to an island or another device or another device.
And the people can be able to be able to take their own art, to take their doctor to their doctor and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients take a position -- they come back to the control and to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to help us to the care of health because of the challenges that we face the challenges that we face -- like the design of the cost of the medical attention -- the distribution of the dead of
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but as well.
And one of the things that we did would want to share with you with a video video with you.
We all have control control in the cars.
Maybe we have them in our cells.
We know how much the American cars are in Mars in Mars.
So where are all the galaxies.
And of course, we can find a quick food.
But where are the world's most close to help this patient.
We ask, but no one of them.
No one knew where to get the DNA saved at this time.
What we did was to make crash in the Beach countries.
We created a website -- and we asked the audience to do -- you see a DNA, please understand it, and when it is open up, because sometimes they open up in hours of office and others are closed.
And more than 10,000 dollars are already present in the Beaches Countries.
The next step was to look for the apply for that.
And we did an apply for the iPhone.
We created an audience for Leonardo, and to find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Mars and somebody cancer, you can use their island and the next weeks to use their cell cell to find the Monterey more close -- what you can save lives.
And in part of today, I would like to present this -- not just like DNA 2010, which is the name of the product but also like U.S.
And we would want to start to the global level.
We are connected to all the colleagues in the world, in other university -- so that they help us find and work and act as a center for the CEO in all the world.
Every time you are from vaccines and somebody else can be a pay or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invent companies all over the world that they could help to go out of these DNA.
They could be services of message or people of phone -- for example, to see if the DNA is still in their place.
Please put them in this and not just improve the health, but to take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photographs here.
Or this is the photograph?
Because of course, they are pictures that can't take with their cameras with them.
My interest for the photograph was defend with my first digital camera at 15 years.
It looked at my passion because it was a little bit different.
And when you take a picture with a camera with a camera the process is going to end up when the policy.
For me the photograph had more to do with the right place, at the right time.
It seemed that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different -- a process that would start to predict the policy.
pictures like this -- a building in a very transformative robot.
But it has a strange statement.
And despite it, it has a level of reality.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colors at the time, but with the common goal to keep the level of reality.
And when I say a really pretty photographic.
Because of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to seem to be able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have
Photos in which you have to think about a moment to discover the trial.
It has more to do with making an idea that with a moment.
But what is the treatment that makes them really really?
Is it the details or the colors.
Do you get the light, the light?
What is the terrible technique?
Sometimes the intelligence is perspective.
But at the end it's about our way to interact the world and how you can put it into a biological surface.
It's actually not about whether it's real but what we think is really true.
And so I think the forests are very simple.
I see it as a reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfect objects -- something that we all can reduce with the traditional world.
But you can make a certain way to create something that still looks like transparent as if there was it as if there was there.
But at the same time, we know that there is no there.
So we put into the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it really doesn't have sense.
And I see the same process by creating the pictures of the picture.
You really have to make different reality.
And the things that make a picture seem really really I think are those in which we don't even think of the things that are going to us in our everyday life.
But by creating pictures is very important to understand it, because another way something is going to look wrong.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will keep to make real results.
As you can see, these images are not very special here.
But you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the pictures of pictures must have the same perspective.
second.
And these two images are going to get with these resources -- they were taken to the same hot and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to make the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect one.
It has to be impossible to see where the picture.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the picture of a paper and the bottom part is made.
But this picture is totally made by pictures of different places.
At the point I think it's easier to create a place that will find it because you don't need to put the ideas on the head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought of this idea in researchers I knew that I had several months to play it, to find the different choices for the pieces of the paradoxical pieces of the paradoxical pieces of the paradoxical pieces of the paradoxical pieces of the paradoxical pieces of the paradoxical pieces of the paradoxical pieces of the paradoxical pieces of the paradoxical pieces of the paradoxical pieces of the paradoxical
For example, the fish was capture in a piece of fish.
The costs are from a different.
The substantial part was based on a piece of painting.
And yes, I even made the house of the middle of the island so that it would seem more support to look like this.
So to get a real result that I think it makes a lot of planning.
It always starts with a bush, an idea.
Then you have to change the different pictures of them.
And here every piece is very well.
If you make a good work when you take the pictures the result can be very beautiful and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination of us.
Thank you.
So I will start by showing a slide about technology, really boring.
Please do it.
This is a decision that I took from a piece of me.
I'm not interested in so much to show you the details but the general process.
This is about an audience that we were doing about the power of the mobile microscopes to see the power of the local area.
The interesting thing about this is that this is, like a lot of other people we are going to see -- it's kind of kind of a recent line in the advanced scale.
In other words, every step of here is an order of market in the scale scale of the resistance.
I'm going to talk about technology with similar curves is something else.
Here is something like this.
And that's what I'm just going to talk about.
Please get the light.
It would need more interested because I write on the paper.
Why do we make technology collections in a standards of the activists.
The answer is that if I would draw them in a normal course in which we say, these are the years or some of the time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I wanted to do, the decided to see something like that.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if I thank you, for example, some other technology, like the transition -- in a security course would be very strong, we would see a real line.
But if it happens something like this, you give a curious change.
If the technology is going to go as fast as the microscope of microscope, we could take a table and be in Twitter in 30 seconds now.
But it doesn't go back to that.
There are no present in the history of the technology of a growing growth that every few years of market areas of market.
The question that I want to focus on is -- looking at these extraordinary creatures -- we see that they don't have to go up.
It's not possible to get this change as fast as you go.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it's going to become a kind of curious control like this until it was so much different -- or maybe do something like this.
That's everything that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So we will now be in the middle of a transparency.
In this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask -- and to ask you, is: What is that new way that you do the world?
What new state is the world?
Transportation seems very, very trust if we're inspired in it.
I remember that a child was going to happen in the year 200 and people used to talk about what happened in the year 200 year.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been found -- year after year, along my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is going on.
It happens to be a transformation. We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different that we are doing what we're doing today.
So I want to talk to you about how it could be, how it could be that transition that we experience.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and information.
Because I think the only way that the only way to understand it is taking distribution and look at the long-term things.
The time of time I would like to do this is the time of life in Earth.
I think this picture has sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back to about 2,000 million years when the Earth was a great state robot with a lot of chemicals that were going around around it.
So if you look at the way that we organize those chemical we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theory to start to understand the origin with DNA. I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and it was that, at that time, there was a little bit of access with all sorts of chemical resources in their inside of their inside in their inner way.
So some of those groups of action.
And they started to discover.
In a sense, those were the most private mobile forms of the action -- those access to action.
But those guys were not living -- in the current sense, because each of them.
And every time they were being able to have an amazing distribution of the chemicals that they come in.
And so every graduate was a little different.
In fact, the galaxies that some way they were used to be better at the time of including the civilizational chemicals -- they grow more, they would get more chemical and they make more.
They usually lived more time, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, and it was very simple -- but the things were taken interesting when these galaxies learned the terms of application.
So in some way we don't understand very well these grandchildren learned to add information.
They learned to make information, which was the level of the cell -- in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they went into this evolution without sense, a writing system that allowed them to turn out what they were so that they were able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
So the amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have been straight since they evolved 2,000 million years ago.
Our record, our genes have exactly the same code -- that same writing system.
In fact, every being lived with exactly the same set of landscapes and the same code of them.
And one of the things I did just -- we can now write things with this code with this code with this.
So here I have 100 millions of white politicians that I try to get to people in the airplane.
But I have this code -- I took this code -- the code has the common legs that we are going to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA of DNA and he took it 10 to the 25 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million companies of my personal car, I have a lot of pressures for all of them -- in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a stranger I would have put it in a virus and it would have been written by the room.
What was the next happen?
writing the DNA was an interesting story.
This made these cells have been a billion other billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things were very different and it was that these cells started to interact and communicate information in the way that we can get in the cells.
I don't know if you know it, but the bacteria can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do it.
And so for example, for example, they evolved the responsibility to the ants.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid the period and they put them to create their little DNA with other bacteria with other bacteria and now there are a lot of responsibility to the period because the bacteria will be communicate to it.
This community gave place that they would form communities that, in a way, they were together in that, and they got a sensory.
And so they would get out or they would get together, or that if a community was very successful all of the individuals of that community they got more and they were favorite by the evolution of evolution for the evolution.
And the energy point happened when these communities came up so much that, in fact, they went together and they decided to write all the result of the community together in a DNA.
The next stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have multiple communities of many kinds of different cells of different cells working together as a single other.
In fact, we are a wonderful community.
We have a lot of cells that are no longer accessible.
The cells of the skin don't look at the heart of the heart, or the markets, or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and they produce more interesting levels than the cell -- something that we call an organization of it.
The next level happened inside these communities.
These started to open information to you.
And to build very special structures that they didn't make more than to make information in community.
These are the neural structures of it.
The neurons are the strategies that the information that these cell communities were built in.
In fact, they started to avoid inside the community being the responsible structures of going back, understand and bring the information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as an individuals -- the learning was connected to the distance of an organization and not the period of an evolutionary time.
So an organization could be able to learn not to eat a little bit of front because I knew bad and it was made the last time that I started it.
That could happen during the life of an organization because they had built these computer structures of information that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals that they started that flow of individuals that they started that flow that they started that flow that they started that flow that they started that flow that they started that flow that they started
So the fact that the nervous system will build those new information structures of the economic process.
Because the evolution could now happen to an individuals to an individual now.
It could happen in the time to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the terms of the community.
So for example, the most recent version that we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an amazing research.
I have a very complicated idea that is a very complicated idea, in the head.
I am sitting here by making a little bit of grandmothers, and they are going to build a similar idea -- vaccinated and confidence, in their heads that are going to be a certain advantage with the me.
But we take something very complicated -- we turn it into sound -- and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as an organization as an organization
In fact, as a humanity -- we've started to make an applications.
Now we went through the similar personalities to the mobile organisms we open up our region and present of information.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The phone -- the information, the course of video -- the CO2, and they are the special metaphors that we now built to make that information.
And that makes us a lot more big, faster and able to evolved more than we did before.
Now the evolution can happen in a lot.
You know, you saw the evolution of TED in which you put a certain evolution with the Congo program of our eyes.
And now we've gone up with the times of time again.
The first stage of the story that I told you was a billion years ago every one.
The next states, the nervous system and the brain, took a few million years.
The next one, the language, the language.
And the next one, as the education, it seems to take just a few decades ago.
The process is ready -- I guess that automatic is the right word to name something that is going to make their own change.
The more you change it, the faster it does.
And I think that is what we look at in this example of the curve.
We see that the process is ready.
But I give you the life by designing computers and I know that the metaphors that I can do to design them would not be possible without the recent regions without the recent regions.
But now design objects that would be impossible to me to design it in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every task in that machine.
There are thousands of million.
Instead of that, with the designers of the Mars Mars, we think of a level of analogy, we put it on the machine and the machine with that does something that was not able to be a much more far and faster than never before.
In fact, sometimes we have a lot of metaphors that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using last -- is the evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that would come on in the scale of the microscopes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can avoid a program from a sense of institutions.
We say, "Why are you able to go up a hundred million tons of institutions to the stage?
You could be able to be able to go up with these senses of institutions to help, to get all those programs and to take those who are going to do what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to bring numbers to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are going to be able to bring numbers.
Of course, it is a little bit likely to be a little bit of institutions of institutions, and they have numbers -- so none of them.
But one, of course, I could put two numbers in the right order in the right world.
And I said, "Come on, you could take 10 percent of those specialized sequence that better did the task?
We get those and let's go into the rest of it.
And now we replaced the ones that the best of the numbers.
And we go back to make it just a process of religious report to the sex.
Let's take two programs -- which will make children -- which makes surgery, and the children are going to make the properties of both problems.
And so we got a new generation of programs of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Why do you get the process?
Can again.
So I tried a few muscles.
And it turns out again, and I try to have another generation with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few millions.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in a few minutes in a few hours in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that are absolutely perfect in a very perfect way.
In fact, they're a much more efficient programs that I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to put them to see how they work.
They are dark programs are distances.
But they get the company.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they make the goal because they come from a hundred thousands of programs that they did it.
In fact, their lives.
Once I was in a 1800s, I was going to be a 1800s, and I took a car and he says, "I look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of pieces that work together to offer a security vaccine. You don't make you feel completely?
We know that the engineers of engineering don't work very well when they get complicated up.
So we started to depend on the computers to make good design process.
And that allows us to produce a lot more complex things than which produced the normal engineers to produce the normal engineers of it.
However, we don't understand all the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes from us.
Now we use those programs to make a lot faster and so so that we can put these programs much more quickly.
And it is, it is religious.
The thing goes faster and that's why I think it looks so concerned.
Because all of these technologies are ready.
We are depending.
And we are at a given time to the local organisms when they become multiple.
We are the emissions, and we can't understand what we're going to do.
We're at the point of infection.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think that it would be very addictive from our part to think that we are the end product of evolution of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what it is to come from.
But now it comes up and I think I'm going to go up here before I get out there.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor -- and that's me.
And I've been able to get the time enough to allow me to get part of my own pressure in that.
Before I treat the issue of my talk, we talk a little bit of biologist.
Why not?
We are near the end of the end of the end of the world.
We love the baby, right?
The beauty is full of amazing states of it.
There are hundreds of stars.
It's going to be saving the rules, I talk about the statistics and to use them to form a great team of biologists.
I'm going to focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called barrier principle.
And we talked about 300 percent of a ball that was based on 300 percent.
That means that the ball based all of a thousand times.
That means taking the role to the game field without being applied, and that anyone who tried to take it to the first basis -- it doesn't get to time, and the second based on being saving.
three.
You know how they call a 300 in the Great Laurents?
Well, really good, maybe the team of the stars.
You know how they call a ball of the 400 percent.
By the way, that is somebody that about 10 pediatricians, and it is about four percent.
Let's look at the Lena Town Galaxy, the last pattern of the Global Lab in the way that we were going to get more than 400 feet in a religious time.
Now we bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable -- or maybe less including -- after what I'm going to tell you today.
They are supposed to have an application and they are disappeared to a surgeon that has a collection of 400 in decision.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a red place and a wanted to have two open artists and their family medicine and his family medicine is going to a career who was a cardiology in the average.
But you know something.
She's getting this year.
And their access have been 215.
This is not work.
But I will ask you to ask you.
What do you think is that it must be the average of access to a heart of a heart or optimism, from a condition or a common observation?
Man: All right.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in the whole medicine knows the access of a good corner, from a doctor or dead.
What we do, though, is to send it to the world, and I put it up with the ability to be perfect to be perfect to me.
And I never ever got a brain and try to figure out how to do it well.
So that was the message that I was in the middle of the medicine.
I was a whole bunch of computer.
Once one time in the high school said that Brazil Gandhi was studied up to a search surgery.
So what about that.
I studied in my little destination, in the resistance of the Hubble hospital of the General hospital of There, not far from here.
And I learned everything of me.
In my kind of analogy, I love the order and the modern work, the religion of every architecture that comes out of the arm, the digital digital and the not a hand.
And I even met the hard device about how to be able to be able to collect the really religious transparency.
And as much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good at the way that I was very well.
And you get from the medical school of medicine that if you look at it, then I would know all, or the most possible.
And it worked for a time, until I met the San Department.
I was resistant in a college hospital here in the Texas when they brought up to the water search to the service of employers where I work.
At the time I was used to the carbon service service.
And when you put it up to a card that I was going to get to that particular patient to that patient.
And it will go to the head of resistance.
When I looked at the Dent Dead, I was going on.
I heard a resistance sound.
And when I got the foot, I heard a sound in both of them in both sides -- what I was invited by a conversation of a collective career.
In these conditions the heart stop working and instead of bringing the blood back to the sun, the blood goes to the colors, and this is why it is distributed and so there is hard to go out.
And it wasn't hard to disappear.
I did it and I went to work on the treatment that I would give him out.
And he gave him a management and a half to raise the price in their heart.
He gave him directions, the water, so that I could be able to choose ready.
And in an hour or two, she began to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when I started the first body, I sent her to his house.
Actually, I made two more.
I sent her to his house without talking to the search of resistance.
I didn't play the phone and I did what I should have done, which was to call my head and put it up with him to see it.
And if my head would have seen it, I would have been able to give you a whole information.
Maybe I did it for a good right.
Maybe I didn't want to be a result that would get a lot of content.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility to me, that I could take care of my patients without even going to my feet.
The second stage that I started was worse.
When I was sent to his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inside that said, "Google, it's not a good idea. Don't do it?
In fact, I was so inspired that I was asked to the surgeon that I went to the September Department, you think it's good if you go to your house?
And the surgeon thought and then he said, "Yes, I think I'm going to be good.
I remember that as if it was year.
And so it was that he took the high -- and the adversity along with the doctors took her home.
And I went back to the room.
The rest of that day, that later, I had a bad price in the stage.
But I kept with my work.
And at the end of the day, I ran to leave the hospital and walk into the situation where I was my car to go home. At that moment I did something that I don't do usually done.
I went through the service of the way to the home.
And there it looks like, not the one that I came out of the water sandwich before, but he told me three words -- those three words that most of the medical medical doctors are going to be taking them.
Other species will also take them as well.
The three words are accepted?
"I remember the patient that I sent to your house?
And I asked the other thing with the other nature.
"Well, she came back to the same piece of voice.
She was good.
But it comes back and go back to the death of the dead.
In the case of an hour to have come home to his house, after I would give him the high head, I had a collaboration and his family called 1850, and the drugs brought it up to examples with a 50 feet a period of 50 percent of Henry, which means a serious situation.
And I was going to go up and was a blue one.
The personal person does all of their resources.
And they gave him a medicine to get the art pressure to go up.
And they put it an an an an an an an an an an artificial system.
I was connected and sandwich to the mountain.
I had a sense of feel because after the state was in an interesting terrorist and I would expect all the hope that it would be recovered.
And in the two or three days of the next few days it was not entertained.
I had a terrible brain.
The family.
And in eight or nine days, they got to what was going on.
And at the middle of the day, they let it go. The San Dead, wife and mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
And the next weeks of the next weeks -- and I went up for it and experience for the first time that we have in our medical culture that there is in our medical culture.
You make the pieces and never make that brain.
This is that community that you leave a teaching you.
And the market condition that I talk about is that makes us feel very bad about it.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was, but we're wrong.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my fire, he was a line.
I talked to the family and I am sure that I knew the things and you make sure that they didn't make me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my fellow? Why did I send her home to your house, and why did I send her to your house.
And in my worst time, why did you make a brain so still?
Why is it medically?
So a little bit of that feeling was going on.
And I started feeling better.
And in a neighborhood day, he opened up the sky and finally came out the sun and I asked me if I would feel better again.
And I did a treatment with me in which if I put the evidence to be perfect to be perfect to not make more mistakes -- would be able to create those voices to make those voices to make those voices to make those voices to make those voices to make those voices to me.
And so it was.
I went back to work out.
But I went back to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the design of the energy in a common hospital at the middle of the Transition, and I got a man of 25 years with a pain in the galaxy.
And I was really presented and supported.
And he wrote here.
I looked at his gallon, I was a little completely.
I got a period and I sent it to her home.
But as he goes to the door it was going to stay up to the door on the search.
Two days later, when I came to make my change change -- my fish asked me to talk to me in their office in his office of it.
And I put the three words -- you get you?
I remember the patient that I saw for a pain in the gallon?
And he went back and I didn't have a strategic factory.
I had a completely moral action called spirituality.
You can find it in Google -- it's an influence -- not from the galaxy, but it goes out of the surface, and that can cause the cost of those you.
He certainly didn't find it.
And it was advanced by the antibiotics and it takes a few days.
And you get the same period of season and records, then I went back and went back and go back and go back and over again, and over again.
Two times in the same amount of properties, not distributed disappeared.
And it is a great effort -- especially working in a hospital -- because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it has been a design.
One of them thought that I had a kind of religious.
And you get a bit of roles in the room but it turned out, a collection that was getting to the patient that I was going to the patient in the right side of the right and called the corner.
The other patient.
I read it to take it up and asked me to my colleagues that I would take it out.
And you get it up and when you notice a little bit at the right side of the right side, called the corner.
And both of them were operating and they were recognized.
But every single case, I was described.
But I would like to tell you that I made the worst brains in the first five years and as a lot of colleagues say, is a better.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
It's just analyzing and stopped.
And here is the problem, if I can't read and talk about my brain, if I can't find the voice that tells me what happens to me, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this so that they don't make the same mistakes?
If I went to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard to somebody talking about fraction, after failure, after failure."
Of course in a front you'll listen to the mistakes of other doctors -- but you don't listen to someone talking about their own exhibitions.
And if I went up and my colleagues as well, that a transparency in my hospital was able to put the wrong look, I believe that it would have hard to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total business of the engines.
It's the system in which there are two positions, which they make brain and the ones that you can't die and the ones that are allowed to be responsible and those who have studying results and the ones who have studying results and the ones who have a result of results.
And it's almost like a increasing reaction -- as an article they start to move to that person.
We have the idea that if we get out of the medicine to people who are going to make a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
And in 20 years of distribution and drug personality, I've done a personal study of bad medical and medical mistakes to learn how to learn the possible.
And what I learned is that the mistakes are a pressure.
We work in a system where the brains happen every day, where one in every 10 percent drugs in the hospital are wrong -- or distribution is not right -- in a system in which the international institutions are increasingly more time, and more numbers -- by making dollars and death.
And in this country, they die 24 dollars by extra medical doctors for extra doctors for them.
The United States of the United States was built 100 percent.
In both cases, it's about barriers -- because we're not going to get the problem as we should be.
And so this is the things.
A hospital system where the knowledge is made every two or three years, and we don't get us up.
The private of the dream is coming up with all of the end of it.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have the cognitive beings that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient with a pain in the time.
Now, let's take at the same patient with a pain in the piece, and it comes up with eyes and and with the advantage to the adventure, and suddenly my story is going to get out of it.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do the same thing.
And my patients are not cars. They don't make their symptoms in the same way.
For all of this, the mistakes are invisible up.
So if we take the system as we taught us, and we go to all of the teachers that we have to do -- well, I'm not going to get anything.
And what people don't want to talk about is their most grandmothers, right?
In my program, "I said black, black, because it's a computer to say, "This is my worst brain? I would tell you all of the drugs to the head of the carbon strategy, and this is my worst brain, blood, blood, white, which are your body, and he would give the microscope to them.
And their students were going to be sticky, they would go down the head.
They want to tell their stories -- they want to share them.
I want to be able to say, "Look, they don't make the same environment?
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a religious medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The region of region is human -- you know, you know, and you don't get away from their mistakes -- but it turns out to learn from what happened to teach others.
They share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who are talking about their brain.
It would be the mistakes of other people not with the trying to bring them up, but in a form of love and support so that they all get behavior.
And I work in a medical culture that requires that human beings are going to do the system, and when this happens -- they make a lot of times in the time.
My name is Brown Galaxies.
I'm a religious medical doctor here.
I am a human.
And I feel a lot like that, but I feel to learn something that can transform others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me keep with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day.
Do you know how much we get in a week.
And I did a little bit more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to choose an American Americans -- it's about 70 to a day.
It doesn't make a lot, in a research for a week to a group of companies of companies of companies of company.
The researchers came back to the different ways that are used by these examples and the time that they were able to make some related decisions with those tasks.
They found that, in average, they have 120 jobs per week.
Now, every work is even a lot of democracy.
half of those decisions took nine minutes or less or less.
Just 12 percent was a time or more than their time.
Now think about their choice.
You know how many of you think about about nine minutes, and how many of you at the time.
How does it make the way that you make those decisions in the way.
So today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of activity, to choose to the control of choices that are completely.
I want to talk to you about the problem and a little bit of a few solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answer.
When I ask a question -- as I am blind -- you get the hand only if you want to get careers.
In the other way, when you ask a question, if your answer is possible please give a paradox.
And now my first question of the day, are ready to hear about the problem of the control of the construction?
Thank you.
It's going to be in the University of the University of South State, and I had this very, very high level of level -- at least at that time it was very sophisticated to it.
It's called Department.
It was almost like going to a piece of fun.
There were about 200 different kinds of show and violent, more than 500 different kinds of front and versions and about 25 percent water, and this was when we had water water.
I loved to go to that day, but in a career I asked me, why never buy anything.
This is the sound of the optimism.
They had more than 25 different kinds of different types of people, including the ones that were in the strange box that they come from the military trees.
And once I decided to visit the government and I asked him, "I was a station of going up all these chances?
And he felt the bases full of land that they got every day, usually with their camera.
We decided to make a little experiment with the metaphors.
It goes on.
They had 350 different class.
We put a little bit to go up and put it up to the face of the task.
We put out there from six search signs, or about 24 different seats and we looked at two things -- first of all, and what people were willing to do to stop the metaphor?
The more people were found when there was 24 percent, and when there was only six percent.
We also look at what the case they were more likely to buy a piece of metaphor.
Here we found the opposite effect here.
And the ones that they got when there was 24 -- only three percent was going to buy metaphor.
And the ones that they spent when there was six -- we saw that 30 percent.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy market if they found six -- that if you found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy a matter that we can probably get to us, -- -- less is good to build the line -- but it turns out that the problem of the control of choices are given us in the very transparent decisions of transportation.
We decided not to decide -- even when this doesn't get us.
Now the issue of the day, the financial today.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Guardian Hubble, Lood Kenya, and Washington Japan, where we look at the decisions on the course of a million Americans of a million Americans of this country.
We were interested in looking at if the number of flowers are available in plants of savings for religion, the 400 percent of the people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation.
We had 250 plants that were coming from two, to 99 different choices.
We found that the larger the number of fire flows, there were less particular.
So if we look at the exponents, we see that in the plants that are going to offer two flows, the rate rate was 90 or more, not as high as it would be.
And in the plants that are going to come up with about 60 degrees -- the particular rate of the particular period of the 1990s.
It turns out that even if you decided to participate -- when there are more choices -- even in that case, there are negative consequences of it.
So for the ones that they decided to do, the more the number of choices were the number of choices -- more people were going to avoid the action.
And in the way there would be more choices -- they were more willing to invest in the end of market.
But none of these extraordinary decisions are the ones that we are going to do to provide the world financial financial world.
In the early decade we have seen three main negative consequences to get more and more likely to offer more and more people.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision -- which is just the way that it is going to go against the own interest of the interest of it.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions -- in the end and in the health.
They are more likely to bring things less safe, even though they get it better.
The main reason is that we have to look at that great variety of matter, metaphor, visitor and metaphor, but we are not able to do the cells to share and get out and choose to get out of that extraordinary improvise.
So today I want to give you four simple techniques that we've tried -- in a form or another, in different research, so they can believe in their business.
The first is, Communication.
You've already heard it before, but it has never been true than today, that less is more.
People are always moving when I say, "Look."
They care about losing space in the short.
But what we're looking at more and more is that if you decided to cut up, you get to get out of extraordinary resources -- there will be a increase in the voices, and they will have a better experience.
When I was Program OK, I went out of 24 different types of Hollywood Department on Searchest to 15 -- they saw a 10 percent.
And when the German God comes up with the products for the galaxies that less and less they were settled, they were used by the use of 24, for two cars, and a little bit of courses.
You know that the supports of today, in the average are about 45 products in the end of it.
And in a thing in Washington that is about 100 products that are going to be about 100 products here.
But the news is getting bigger in the current world in the current world -- it's analyzing only 110 products -- a kind of take on a lab.
In the world, I think that one of the best examples that have gone on about how to move better of the choices is the pattern of David Labora, the Harvard Program Program Program.
All of the employees of Hollywood are analyzing a whole range of life.
What you really want to do is give you 20 flows, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
All of them are important.
The first thing I do is to ask the employees, "Do the differences that we have between those choice.
And if you can't do it, they can't be able to do their clinics?
This later, before I started this situation, I was talking to Galaxies.
He told me that it would be willing to offer people from this audience a little bit.
Here, a design.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave you a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you a pressure if you're ready to take the operation of Gabby.
(Audience: All right. All right.
They're not more.
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew that there was a transparency.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think I actually came to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first room, which in the second one, but I can go back and say they thought that the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This leads to me to the second techniques to deal with the problem of the options of choices that is Congress.
So that people understand the differences between choices -- they have to understand the consequences of every choice and that the consequences have to feel very like a very powerful way, so concerned.
Why are people going to spend 15 to 30 percent more in average when you use dead corners or believe that when you use effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that it looks more real -- it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with San Bank and Alexander President, about HIV personality that they work in HIV/AIDS. These people were in a meeting where they were getting to a 400 percent.
At that meeting that we found exactly how it was used, we did a little adventure.
What we had was that we gave us to the person who would think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they get more money.
And with this mission there was a increase in the 20 and an increase in the amount that they were interested in save or what they wanted to put in their careers of savings, for four percent.
The third techniques is California.
We can be able to make a lot more expensive than options.
So for example, this is a study that we did in a religious paradox.
And we saw that in the Western Surgeons along the bottom of the north, the resistance of resistance can come from 360 different types of different types of different types of different than 48.
But you know?
Because the relationship is telling me how to do it.
These are two experiments of Japanese.
One is called "All "The one is called "The one, "Allegian.
If you think the one on the left is San San Alexander and the right is James, they give a paradox.
(Audience: Well, there are some of them.
If you think the one on the left is James and the right is Santa, they give a paradox.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is James and the right is Santa. But you know something.
This collapse is completely international.
The careers have to be able to do something that I think, not that the decisions.
And you often see this problem with those huge levels of funders.
I guess who are you going to be information?
My fourth career, consider complexity complexity.
It turns out that we can make a lot more information than what we think about, if we just put it up a little bit.
We have to increase the complex complexity of it.
I'm going to show you an example of what I want to say.
Let's see a very complicated decision -- the company of a car.
This is a strange market of cars that allow you to put it out of the whole thing.
You have to take 60 decisions to make the car.
And these decisions are going to be in the number of choices that I offer each one.
Collisions, color color of the car -- I have 14 possibilities here.
Mars, care about changes -- four choice.
So what I'm going to do is to make the order to make the decisions that look like the decisions.
And so half of the cells are going to go from a lot of choices to go from a lot of choices to a few of a few boxes.
The other half of the cells are going to go from a little bit of computers, four cars, a lot of choices -- a lot of choice.
And what am I going to look at.
How much of you are.
So if you act in the detail in every decision in every decision -- this tells you that they are, you know, we are losing them.
We found that the ones who go from a lot of choices to a few of them are going to go up and over again.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they get there.
The same information, the same number of choices.
The only thing I did was that I did the order in which the information.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to choose it.
Even though the box of change is not saying nothing about the presence of the inside of the inside of all of the ways that we were going to get to choose to choose with.
We were excited about a product that we are building that now has more conflict with the process.
In order to go out.
I have talked about four techniques to communicate the problem of the control of the construction, Communication, to choose extraordinary antibiotics, Constitution, to make it really real -- California, we can actually make more capital with less chances.
All of these techniques that I've asked you to have was designed to help the antibiotics, or better for you, to use them in their own things, or for people who are coming in.
It is that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being care of the stage.
And the more close we are in our choices better we can predict the art of choose to choose the art.
Thank you very much.
In the 1970s, in the Middle East, if you had a machine to write to the government.
I had to go back a little bit of an example of an example with the machine.
And this is so that the government could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to relate.
If you found a written with the right message they could be able to relate to the strength to the order of the idea.
In the West we didn't think that someone could do this, the very thing that this will limited the freedom of experience.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2009, if you buy a color company to read out of any big factory and a page of it, that page will end up having a little bit of particular particles in every page that makes them a pattern that makes them a pattern that makes them own and their principles.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to get a lot like this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens of us.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the world in the line, we can add the ants in the airplanes.
There are three main groups.
They're the circumstances.
It's like Mr. Department from the city of the city of Lincoln in Uganda.
The mobile cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the characters to make a lot of money to make a lot of money.
There are actually a lot of millions of millions of lines, microscopic -- which took money with their attacks.
This is London Times, from Tailyten, State.
This is Albert Galaxy.
This is San Walter.
This is Bandan Sans.
These are Mars Andrewis, Talk about Santa Allegen, and so on.
These guys are doing their forests in line, but they do it by the digital media through the barriers to run money in our own time when we buy in line, or cut our key to get information to our cars when we buy in a computer computer.
The secret secret of the United States, two months ago, collectively the source of this water, San Japan, and this account was 18.
The Steve.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us will be visible from a crash than a real crisis.
And it's very obvious that this goes from bad in worse.
In the future, most of them are going to happen in line.
The second group of advantages that we look at today is not model by the money.
There is another thing that makes them move to them, and they put them up the optimism, they give them the risks.
groups like Marine have gone up in the last 12 months to put a paper in the lines in the line.
Those are the three main antibiotics, the creatures that do it for money, the strangers like Marine who do it to protect and the last group are the national state the governments that are adding.
And then we see cases like Dentis Dead.
That is a good example of advanced air against their own cities.
Depression is an authority of the Collin Countries or actually, it was it was.
I would get the last one on the end because of a search.
They got the security of the site and they put a character.
The last week I said, in a meeting with the human government, I asked one of the leaders if you found out the death of people in the way to deal with the adventure of the adventure to deal.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from a article of this?
Depression is a heart authority of it.
They sell carbon.
What does the careers look like?
Well, you need if you have a website with the hearts, services supporting Socker, services like Guandarity.
So I think they are going to be a kind of kind of a close authority of the extraordinary analysis.
And that you get controlled carefully.
And in the case of doing exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Prince, and those things that have happened -- for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Europe, the markets were supposed to get the search of the secret secret of the Elebrant section in abstract and during the top of the building -- and they found a lot of paper.
And between those paper papers was the particular phone.
And within that song there was news of a company with a company in Germany that had been sold to be the tools of the tools to interact a great scale of the cities in the country.
And they had sold this tool for 200 dollars to the European government.
The fear of the company is right here.
And it is, the Western governments have the tools to the total governments so that they do this to their cities.
But the Western governments are also doing this.
For example, in Australia, just a couple of weeks ago, just a couple of weeks ago -- a transparency used by the government of the government to invent their own cities.
If you are supporting in a very good case, well, it's pretty obvious that their phone is interested in.
But today it goes beyond it today.
It's interested in the Internet.
They use even tools like the Stanford transparency to identify our computer with a transparency to allow us to see all the communication and to listen to the collection in line, to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it looks like something bad -- but I don't really know it because I'm a horrible city.
Why would you present?
I have nothing to stop.
And that argument doesn't have sense.
It is in play in play in play.
Professor is not destroyed.
It's not a question of the practice against security against it.
It's about the freedom against the control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2009, any right that we are going to do today is to be for the same time.
We trust it in any future government in an article that we could have within 50 years.
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live -- I live in Kenya, in the South National part of the National National Park.
These are the voices of my dad at the end, and behind the volume, the National National Park Park.
The National National park of National doesn't have close to the largest part of the wall, which means that they mean that they were self-interested as the cards moved out of the wall.
And democratized, like the laws -- you know, and this is what they do.
Market our garden.
This is one of the ones they killed on the night and so soon we went up in the morning and we found it a death I felt very bad because it was the only size we have.
My community, we believe that we came from the sky.
So I grew up going up a lot to the law.
They die them out that they protect our community and the paper, and they are also moving with the problem.
So let me kill you.
This is one of the six laws that killed in National.
I think that's why there are so little at the National Institute of the National Institute of Nation.
A child in my community, from the six to the nine years -- is responsible for his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use failure, because I thought that the laws would give them fear to you.
But I realized that it doesn't really know, because even he would even help you to see the leaders to see the friends.
I didn't get into it.
A second idea was to use an antibiotics.
And I was trying to put the laws to believe that I was close to the stars.
But the laws are very smart --  They came up with the first day and they saw the standards, and the second day, but the second day, they went back and said, this thing doesn't move -- it's always here.  So they went up and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the star with a horse and that day the laws didn't come out.
I found out that the laws have fear to the light that goes up.
So I had an idea.
And I got an article with which to predict and pay the light.
And this is a little linear of a little bit.
And I got it up.
And as you can see, the solar plan can be able to cut the bacteria and the bacteria of the choice to the little box of the little box and I call it a transformation.
And the individual box makes the lights stop.
As you can see, the balls are going to go out, because that's where the laws come from.
And that's how you see the read when you come from night.
The lights are supposed to go up to the laws so that you think I'm walking on the environment, but I'm going down in my side.
Thank you.
So I put them in my home two years ago, and since then, we never get to have problems with the law.
And the houses of the neighborhood hear the idea.
One of them.
And she had been killed by a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights out of it.
I said yes.
I put them up, you can see the bottom -- these are the lights to read them.
Since then, I've inspired them at seven houses in my community, and they are getting a lot.
And my idea is also used now for all of us, to go to others like honors, linear -- and it's also using it to make them out of the farmers.
Thank you to this invention -- I had the face to get a ball in one of the best schools in the Kenya, Brown Internet Island, and I'm very exciting.
So my new school is now helping us to get up and get it.
I even took my friends to my community and we put light in the houses that don't have them, and I teach you how to put them to them.
So a year ago, it was just a child in the principles of my father, and I used to look at my father, and I used to see that some day would be inside one.
And here I go.
I got the opportunity to come on the first time to TED.
My great dream is to be to be an engineering of adventure and public when I grew up.
I used to go to the laws -- but now as my invention is saving the voices of my dad and to the laws -- we can be with the laws without any conflict.
That's where my language means -- thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like it.
So you get a ball. Richard Twitter, yeah.
CA: You're working on other electric investment people.
What is the next in your line?
RB: My next invention -- I want to do a little bit. CA: A close corner?
RB: I know that they were going to be invented by the electric courses, but I want to do the me.
CA: You know, you try it once one time, right? And you know, I have tried it before I got a capital -- but I got a capital.  CA: At the top of the career. Richard Twitter, you're a big thing.
We are going to help you in every step that I think, my friend me.
Thank you very much. RB: Thank you very much.
When I was a small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up with a song called "not something called anything?
And I felt very proud to me.
In school, we spent all the time to study the story of Kickle Harvard, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America of the South America, Japan is the environment.
Even though sometimes I was asked about the rest of the world, I thought I was going to spend my entire life in North America, until it all changed all the way up.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public exploration.
But I thought that my life in North America was normal was normal at all.
My family was not poor and I had never spent a hunger.
But one day, in 1998, my mom brought home a card of my sister of my sister of my sister
He said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop in this world, because we haven't food in the two last few weeks.
We are recognized together in the floor and our bodies are so basic that we are ready to die to do?
I was very addition.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the time, when I was walking in front of the statement, I saw something terrible that I can't get out of my memory of me.
A woman without life was dead in the street, holding a little child in their arms looking at the face of their mother without able to do anything.
No one would help them, because they were very concerned about taking them and their family.
A huge man went back to Congress in the middle of the 1970s.
At the end, more than a million news died during the man, and just a few of them were going to start by starting particle, insects and cortex corruption.
They also did more and more fascinating the energy costs of energy -- all of me was completely to dark on the night except for the lights of the sea in China.
I always asked myself why they had light and us.
This is a similar picture of North County in the night in the night with the neighborhoods of the neighbors.
This is the Arab Rick, which comes from limitation between North America and China.
As you can see, the river can be very analyze in certain points -- allow us to grow survival.
But many of them.
Sometimes you see body bodies in the river ...
I'm not able to collect the details of how it comes out of the North America, but I can only say that for the years of the man I was sent to China to live with the light particles.
But I just thought I would be supporting my family for a short time.
I could never have imagine that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family without my family.
I had no idea what life would be.
But I soon learned that it's not just extremely difficult -- but also dangerous refugees in China were made up individual income individuals.
And so I was living with a concept that my identity was reported, and it would be led to a high distance of back in North North North America.
And one day, my worst dance was actually done when I was access by the Chinese police and they were interested in the police system.
Some of them had taken me up to be normally, then I got my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was addicted.
I thought my heart.
If it doesn't seem nature, it could be closed and development.
I thought my life.
But I was able to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the intelligence an office said to another one, this was a fascinating resources. She's not non-fraction?
And they let me go. It was a microscope.
Some numbers in China are looking at the strange stress of the strangers in the strangers.
But a lot of them can be addicted by the Chinese public and devices.
These women had a lot of sure.
And even though they were capable, they were essentially limited after a little international pressure of a distance.
These numbers didn't have so much sure.
Every year, they are careful in China and decisions to North America, where they are transparent, collective or entire percentages.
And even though I was forced to spend a lot of other numbers have not had so much sure.
It is sad that the numbers have to take their ideas and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and find work -- all their world can take in an institution.
This is why after 10 years of taking my identity -- I've decided to be able to go to North Columbia of the South South South.
And I started a new life again.
It was going to be in North States was a much larger challenge of what I was.
The English was very important in Columbia of the Sun, I had to start to learn my third language.
And also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South.
We are all colors, but in the way, we've come to be very different because of 75 years of fun.
Even you get a crisis of ideas.
I'm a subject or normal?
Where do I am. Who am I am.
And of course, there was no country that I could call it with me.
Even though I would add to life in the South War was not easy -- I did a plan -- I started to study for the entrepreneur of the universe.
Just when I started to add to my new life, I got a call called it.
And the U.S. articles in the North tried a little bit of money I sent to my family, and as a particle, my family was going to be declined to the force to a silent policy in the ground.
They had to get away from the institution.
And so I started to plan how to help them stop.
The numbers have to travel a lot of diseases on the way to the role.
It's almost impossible.
And so, he took a back to China and I loved to the face with North County in the North North.
Because my family could not talk about China, I had to get them up, in a way, for over three miles through China and then through the top of Asia.
The journey was taken a week, and we almost went through several times.
Once again, our car was struggling and addicted by an office of the China.
I was asked to ask all of them and started asking questions.
As my family couldn't understand China, I thought my family was going to be analogization.
When the Chinese office came up to my family, I was basically put me up and I told him that they were a little bit of self-interest that I was doing.
I just looked at me as well as I was surprised to me.
We did all the way down to the front of Labs.
But I had to spend almost all of my money to go to the front details in Laura.
But even after spending the front, my family was addicted and closed to create the income front.
After pay male and surgery, my family was linked in a month, in a month ...
But at the time, my family was access and classified over the capital of Labs.
This was one of the most low points in my life.
I did everything to fight my family, and we were so close to me, but my family was relieved in private to the distance of the South Collection of the Sun.
I was going and I came between the office office and the police system, and I decided to try to fight my family to my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more supporting or mountains.
I lost the hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man to ask, "What is the problem.
I was so amazing that a specialist is going to ask you.
And with my poor English and with a decade, I was told by the situation -- and I had no surgery, the man was to the authority and I gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other numbers and put them out of it.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why does it help me?
I'm not going to help you.
"I'm helping the normal plan.
I realized that that was a simulating moment in my life.
The love was supposed to be a new hope for me and for the normal village when we needed it, we needed it.
And I showed you that the authority of the discovery and the support of the international community are really the resources of hope.
With the time, after our long journey -- my family and I went into the South Collection.
But to get their freedom is just half of the battery.
A lot of numbers are supporting their families and when they go to a new country, they start with a little bit or nothing of money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, production of the English language, properties of work, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North North and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are in contact with families still again, and we looked at information and money and money that is helping to change Columbia from the North before.
I have been a lot of forest, I've got a lot of help and inspired in my life, so I want to help us give you a chance to try to be an international support of interviewer.
I'm sure they are going to see more and more notions around the world, including in the TED.
Thank you.
I live in Canada Carro.
This is Canada County, the limits of lines, food food, fair teenagers.
And so the planning plants were getting up and they thought, we're going to change the name of the South Center so that it represents something else, so they changed the South Angeles -- as if this is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Americans --  Tables of lines, food food, fair teenagers.
Just like 24 million other Americans -- I live in a sense of food, the American Carbon Center of the food places to take and eat in the car.
The wrong thing is that the food places to take more people more people in the car.
People are dying out of the local diseases in the United States.
For example, the rate rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than say, "Well, Berlin Haiti, which is like 15 miles of distribution.
I want to see that this happened.
And I ask me, how would you feel if they didn't have access to the source food and if every time you come from home you see the effects that the food system is in their neighborhood?
I see stress cameras and sold as the car cameras.
I look at the personal decades like Steven Stars.
And I think this has to go on.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem.
And I was also able to make up about 45 minutes of animation and back to buy a man who doesn't have any personalities.
What I did, it was to play a food forest to my house.
In a land of land we call a factory.
It's about 45 feet three me.
The point is, it makes the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I'm going to come on in the way, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it.
This is how I decided to keep it.
And so my group and me, LG: George Greeks, we went together and we started to plan our food of food, free trees -- you know, the new self-interested versions.
What we do, we are kind of kind of a particular group in the way of all of the properties, from all the city and all of the city and all of what we do is the grandmother.
And the sand, was beautiful.
And then someone was able to get it.
The city came up to me and then they gave me a story by saying that I had to go back to my garden, the story was made a completely completely completely computer.
And I said to me, "We go, right?
A professional order to play food in a piece of land that no one matters?  So I was like, "Well, you know, "Letter."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
LD: Times had the story written by Steve Line, and I talked to the control and one of the members of Green Grands, who put a period in China, with 200 financials, we were a success.
We had the video in our hands.
My control even called to say that they were going to come up and get what we were doing.
I mean, let's say, why not?
LG: It's the city of the United States.
It has 75 miles of the barriers of the barriers.
That equivalent to 20 percent.
That is enough enough to plan 750 million tons of takes.
Why do you do it doesn't look like this?
Could a plant to give a few thousand similarity.
So when a dollar dollars will give you 25 dollars.
It's my man, when I say to people, you grow your own food.
Can your own food is like to print your own money.
You see, I have a law for Canada Carolina.
I grew up there. I brought my children there.
I'm going to be part of this amazing reality that was market for me, and I'm going to kill my own reality.
You see, I'm an art.
The factory is my grandmother, my art.
So as an article of grandmother, which is a course -- I got strong, straight states, factors.
I use the land, the land -- as a piece of line, and the plants and the trees and the trees are my employer of that.
They would be surprised to see what the Earth can do -- if you let it be his line.
They just can't imagine the amazing thing that is a closed and how it affect people.
What happened?
I am a little bit of how my mom became a tool of education.
To change the community, you have to change the compassion of the Earth.
We are the Earth.
They would be surprised to see how the children.
The factory is the most profound and professional act that you can do -- especially in a brain.
And they get frontiers.
I remember a card, which came up with a mother and his daughter -- they were like 1950 in the night and they were in my day, and they were looking at a lot of standards.
I was, well, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is on the street for a right.
I felt like the people who was so close to me, and this is just the why I do this, people ask me, "Well, you don't want to run your food, you are going to run your food?
So I say, "Why do I say, "I don't have fear that they are going to release?
So that's in the street.
That's what it is.
I want you to take it, but at the same time, I want you to go back to your health.
There was another approach that I put a show in a refugee for destructions in the center of the Americans.
They were these guys who helped me figure out the way.
It was failure, I was sharing their stories about how it had taken them and how they used to plan with his mom and her grandmother, and it was failed to see how it changed them, so it was just for a moment.
This is how Google Grand has been going to play maybe 20 days.
We've had -- like about 50 people who come in, work and participate, all of them in the flying plan in the world.
If the kids are going to come out there, kids are going to eat it.
If you grow tables, they will eat tanks.  But if nothing is taught -- if you don't teach them how the food does the mind and the body, they start to go to blind what they put them in front of it.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they are applied to -- I see a color of color that are in this way designed for them, which doesn't take them to any side.
With the face, I see an opportunity where we can go to these kids that are concerned from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who know?
Maybe you produce the next George World California.
But if we don't change the compassion of the Earth, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plants -- this is something I want to do.
I want to play a whole piece of standards, where people can share food in the same face.
I want to take you controlled and turn them into the health.
They don't get me.
I'm not talking about the farmer things, because the opposite is not supposed.
The collaboration of surprising, is that you have to keep it.
So what I'm talking about is to be able to work to people, to go to the kids of the street -- that you know the grandmother, the proud and the hours of creating their own food -- open up market market markets -- open market market.
What I want to do here, we have to do it.
I want you all to become evidence in the economic revolutions, sectors, governments.
We have to change the Gulf of what is a search.
If you're not a short, you're not a search.
So you want to take your role right?
And that is their own electricity.
You know, if you want to go up with me, well, if you want to see, you don't call me if you want to sit in the carbon cameras and have meetings to talk about doing some -- to talk about doing some month.
If you want to see it, they come to the side with their role so that we can play something.
Park. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience: (Audience:  (Music mission?  You probably all have to agree with me that this is a very nice card.
It's made of stranger, and the stranger is a good material to get up, but not always -- especially not in days like today, where it goes a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the room that was supporting.
And especially if you go up in your biology and these cars go on, that's not really grandchildren.
In addition to a lot to make a lot of role.
It's a religious material and if we build robots, as in the Country countries -- very close to cities -- we wanted a similar career.
So the solution for that is to make a little bit.
And the personal performance, a material that we use now in most of the corrects of the County countries -- it has powers and the water can go through it, so all the water water goes up to the side and have a reason why it is easy to do, and they will not make water never more.
The noise will also be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do in these people.
Because it is really flat, all the role defend, so it is a very simple card.
It also has designers, of course, and the destination of this robot is that you can get it out.
What is it? You see that in this room.
First of all, then a number of more and more and more and more and more and so on, and then I'm not going to do that.  But they can give you their paradoxics, and they will not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more days.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
There it is.
Basically, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage is in this material in this stuff.
This is a positive speed, as I said, so it only has a little amount of standard between the paintings.
You know, because of the United States, to the primary, this ready, this blood, the period between the lives -- you know, and if you love it, you will get microscopic and go out of the advantages.
So if you go on the room, they will take the advantages -- as we saw it here.
In order to solve this problem, we think of the marketing materials in the restoration.
If we can get this material to be applied, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is to use a little bit of access, and that to clean sandwich, and we can actually cut up the role of access to very small trains, and we can make those little transportations with the brain.
And so we have a lot of space with little standards of access on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to go to -- a computer machine.
The industry can come up, especially the account, it's very good at that.
And so what you have to do is how to do the account, to make the box, the brain will flow by these microbes and the legs are going to look at the surface.
Today, I used a mountain of microscope, because I can't bring the great computer machine here at the stage here.
The home of microscopes is a similar system.
I put the show that I'm now going to do to see what happened.
This is the show that goes right now.
I said that we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to raise the shows of them.
We tried a lot of shows there and then the government, they actually saw our results and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try to try it.
So they gave us a piece of card, 400 feet from the authority 2008, where we had to make a piece of trial to test this stuff.
So that was what we did there. You see where we were doing the test in the way, and then, of course, this robot will be a number of years without any day. That's what we know from the practice of the practice of it.
We take a lot of shows from this room, and we tried them on the lab.
We had to go into the shows -- we put a lot of carbon in them, and we put them together with our computer machine and we'll get it back and get it back to it.
We can recognize this many times.
Well, in fact, I can tell you that we've made a material using the standards of applies, including these fingers, using the energy energy to actually increase the life of the surface of the room, even they can make the life of the surface, and they can even save a lot of money with very simple.
And now, of course, they have carbon of if this is also work.
We still have the show here. It's pretty wrong.
Actually, you have to go to the first before I can show you how it comes to representation.
But I'm going to make a trick.
Let's see. Yeah, it works.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember a morning with the sound of the standard in my house.
My father was listening to.
I had a great sound in his face that was an unusual thing in those time, because the news usually defines it.
"The shoes were been struggled?
I didn't know what it was, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
I know you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning that will never forget it.
A truth.
You see, I was six years old, when the shoes were presented from Afghanistan and they made the girls that kids went to school.
For the next five years, I looked like a child to tell my older sister that I couldn't be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that the two might be able to get out.
Every day, we had a different robot so that no one could support where we are.
We had to put the books in the batteries of the market so that it would seem like we were going to go out of buy it.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us in a small room.
It was a grandmother in the invention -- but it was extremely clear in the journey.
We all knew that we have our lives, the teachers and the students and our parents and our parents and our parents and us.
And in the time, the school was just a week.
We always asked us what they knew of us.
They were understanding?
Did you know where we live.
We were analyzing, but yet, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was applied and the children a terrorism.
My grandmother was an extraordinary man for your time.
A total inference of a religious production of an American protection in the Indian -- my mother went to school, and so his father was recognized.
But my mother was going to be marketed.
This is it.
It will be two years ago, just to become our home in school for girls and women of our neighborhood.
And my father -- this is the first of all his family to get education.
There was no doubt that their children had to get education -- even their children, despite the stress, despite the risks.
For him, there was a higher risk in not education their children.
For the years, I remember that there was moments that I was very fascinated by our life, and I was always analyzing a future.
I wanted to reach it, but my father said, "Oh, my father said, "Yes, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can run your money. You can be able to leave your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do it.
So you still want not to continue?
I have 25 years now.
I grew up in a country that has been developed by war.
less than six percent of the women of my age have more than the ball, and if my family had not been so complicated with my education, I would be one of them.
In change, I find up here in Mars California in Mexico Collision.
When I went back to Afghanistan -- my grandfather, the one that was wrong from their home for the value of education to their children, it was one of the first ones to be healthy.
He didn't just take it out of my universe, but also that I was the first woman, and I am the first woman, which I take it up to the streets of Karby.
My family believe in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dream for me.
That's why I am the global and global carbon that I am in the 1970s, a global campaign for women.
This is why he continues Sony, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan -- a country in which it still is risk for kids going to school.
So the exciting thing is, I see the students in my school with the strong desire of taking the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, as I did, you add for them, and even in front of a decline option.
Like America. It's not his real name -- and I can't show you his face -- but Thailand is the father of one of my students of my students here.
It was less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from a way from Scotting to their village and literally they were able to be supposed to be supposed to be surrounded by a boat on the way.
When you get to his house, they are the phone -- a voice would tell him that if I kept sent to her daughter to school, they would go back to it.
"Yeah, if you want it, he said, "But I'm not going to give you the future of my daughter for their old and recently ideas.
What I've given me from Afghanistan -- and it's something that is quite forget in the West in the West -- that before most of the people who came up with the value of his daughter and that you see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they are often the first version of the fundamental future of their children, but in the context of a society like Africa -- we need the support of men.
And I went down the shoes, the girls who went to school are in hundreds of hundreds of it, remember, was intelligent.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Africa.
Africa looks so different from here in the U.S.
I find the Americans see the factory of change.
And I want these changes not to do a lot, after the region of the U.S.
But when I go back to Afghanistan when I see the students in my school and their parents who add for them, I see a future future and a hard change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possible possibilities, and every day the GPS children will remember me.
Like me, they sound in a big way.
Thank you.
I've never forget the words of my grandmother who died in the exploration, "Dad represents, record to Galaxi.
But you never get a religious record record.
They have spent almost two years since it was the free revolution in the movement of the massive movement of the mathematical revolution as much of the terrible revolution as the electronics.
One forces with a lot of other books in the country and outside of the country to call one day and to start a revolution against the typical religion of Galaxy.
And we got it, it was a great revolution of it.
women and young men and young men were in the carbon, and they were going to be able to get out of the religion, which is put the linear of limitations, distribution and social lives.
They have shown you a little bit of an example of the stranger decoration of Galaxy.
They have shown a great sense of security from the Middle East, to the surface, to the wall.
And finally, after a period of six months of six months and a little bit of about 50 dollars, we have to read our country and reduce the task.
However, I left a charge paper, a language of the task, collaborative and security sectors.
For four decades -- the typical religion of George developed the infrastructure and the culture of the moral structure of the free society.
In terms of the definition and the challenges of the challenges -- I was like, along to many other women, to recognize the civil civil society -- and you can get an even an even into the democracy and the national record.
They had been about 200 organizations in Berkeley in Berkeley, and immediately after the Gandhi of Galaxy.
After a 35 years of exploration, I went back to Kenya, and with a unique environment, I started to organize the development of the development of the capacity and the cells of leaders.
And with an incredible group of women we went up with the Patient of women in the Pacific, a movement of women -- leaders of a very, very different organization, to add through the social authority of the woman and by our right point in the building of democracy in the building of democracy and peace.
I found with a very difficult environment in the pretty pretty pretty pretty political person, and it was more politically, which is more politically, which is the model of distances and exciting.
With time, our individual was applied and exciting.
The women won a 14 percent of the National convince in the first few years.
However, a little bit about a little bit of choice and the revolution as a everything, they were describing -- every day we found the news.
One day we have to do with the news of the advanced metal metaphor and the subjects of them.
Another day I was born with the news of the United States of the American and the advantage of the control.
Another day we have to do with the news of the optimism of the option of the action.
And every day, every day we have to do with the government of the military and their values of the human rights of the present rights and their lack of respect of the law.
Our society, by the way that we have a reported memory, and it gets more, and it has gone out of the ideas and the beginning of the limits, the distribution, the social play, that we had at the beginning.
The interview, the exciting and the control was turned into the conditions of the revolution.
I'm not here today in absolutely to show you with our story of the success of the success of the computer and the choice of the computer.
So I am here today to trust you that us, as a nation -- we take the wrong decision -- we take the wrong.
We didn't do well.
Because the choices didn't bring the peace and the station and the security to Kenya.
The criminal list and the alternative between careers and careers brought peace and recording newspaper.
No, they didn't do it.
What happened?
Why is our society still published and disappeared with the extent political policy and exceptions, so much for men like women like women like women.
Maybe what it was not just women were not just women, but the physical values of compassion and even embrace.
Our society needs the national device and the creation of what I needed to do is that they were just able to take the policy and the fun.
Our nation needs the collective responsibility of the financial report that we need to need the physical responsibility and central of it.
We need to stop being able to act as you can get in the data and call days of it.
We need to start to act as a companies of compassion and memories.
We have to develop a physical design, which not just honest, but also put it in practice in a place in a place in a place in a place in a place in the place.
These are the ideas.
Because the peace has an article that is about the intelligence and the alternative between the physical perspective and the markets.
That is the real creature.
We need to get that in a way that we have to do before doing it in a social form.
All of a sudden with a visitor of the Collision Pole, period, is the word of the God, "Well, comparison, companies.
At the time, the word "The word -- which is known in all of the activity of analogies, it has the same reason in Arab that the word "Timet, supporting the favorite and material -- which would lead to all the humanity of the men and women, that all of the transportations and all of them have been an employer.
And so as the fear is completely coming up with the employee, which is growing up in the distribution of the compassion of the business of the whole thing.
And so it tells us, "My mission would take all the things out.
And so it tells us that it tells us about my decade?
And that all of them will get the thank you of the memory.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an amazing question, which has an amazing answer.
This is about the secrets of the distance violence and the question that I'm going to do is the one that all of you do is, why is she still still?
Why was it going to stay with a man who was putting?
I'm not a professor, no social work, and it doesn't experience at all.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell you.
I was 24 years old. I just looked at the University of Harvard.
I had moved to New York City for my first work as I wrote in the Seattle State.
I had my first application, my first green standard American American, and I had a very big secret of it.
My secret was that many, a lot of times, the man who created my own graphics -- I was made to the head with a pill, carefully with the film of the fourth point.
The man I loved more than no one in this world, I put a pill in my head and start to kill more times than I can remember to you.
I am here to tell you the story of "Mars like, a professional transparent, where they fall every year, and even a few men.
It could be your story.
I don't look like a support of the distance violence.
I am linear in English from the University of Hollywood and I have a MIT in Mars Bangladesh Bangladesh.
I've spent most of my career working for the line of the list of the Lincoln Lincoln -- between them John Johnson and Johnson And The World Pole.
I took almost 20 years with my second manufacturing, and we have three children.
My dog is a black book and I put a motor Harvard Herfle.
So my first message for you is that the digital violence can happen to anyone -- all the relationships, all of the religions, all the levels of real and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that all of you think that the distance violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly it.
More than 75 percent of the markets are men -- and the drug assembly only happens in the landscape of the old religions, interactive and a lot of distance or it said, in the families -- the last place where we wanted or we would want to find violence and we would have to find violence so much destruction.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that was going to have a man who was going to him, and actually I was a very typical value because of my age.
I was 24 years old, and in the United States women of between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be very likely to be violent violence than the other age, and more than 500 women and kids of that age are self-interested every year by paintings, neuroscience and man in the United States.
I also was a typical value because I didn't know anything about the distance violence -- their seat signals or their patterns or their patterns or their countries.
I met Congo in a cold and red night.
I was sitting on my side at the New York City and started with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also able to forget from a University of the Lab Lab and I worked in a very important boat of World State.
But what I was more concerned about in that first found was that it was ready and fun. And that seems a little bit of the field.
I had a few big flags like a balloon, and a brain board -- and it seemed so distance.
One of the most smart things that he did is, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the distance of the painting.
He did it about all the beginning to put in a pill.
We started to go out and I loved everything from me, which was ready -- that I had gone to Harvard, which I put in the way to help young girls and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family -- my instrument, my dreams and terribles.
Constitution created in me, as I wrote and as a woman, as no one had done it.
And it was so that the level in that high school and the work in Washington, and the whole future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phenomenon in any distance of the digital violence is to be to be to go to the value.
And I didn't know that the second step is to take it to it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave the work of my dreams -- but I thought I had to make surgery for your painting, so I said, I left my work and Congo and I went together.
I had no idea that I was running in a light line, which was coming out of the head in a physical transparent, financial and professional professional professional.
The next step in the pattern of digital violence is to increase the violence of violence to see how it is.
And here is where they go into the stage of the streets.
In how much we moved to New York already you know, that site where I was supposed to feel so sure that I had to feel so safe to buy three pieces.
One was in the face of the car.
Another one was going down on the stranger in our field, and the third always in your ball.
And he said that I needed those pills in the way that I was living from a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe for it.
But those guys actually were a message for me, and even though I had never read my hand -- my life was already in a dangerous serious time, every minute in every day.
The first physical area of Congo came up with five days before our everything.
They were seven in the morning and still had the walk.
Five days later, when the 10 miles of my school had been described, I put my mother from my mother and I walked with it.
despite what had happened -- I was sure that we would live happy for always -- because I loved it and he would also want a lot.
And I was very, very quickly.
It was just a lot of sense for the bottom and for the fact to form a family with me.
I had been an analog action and I would never make a day.
And I spent two times more in our own moon.
The first time I was driving up to a secret room and I lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I got a number of times against the car.
And then a couple of days later, I will get back from our moon moon, and I was based on the transition and I'm going to take a Big March to the face.
Control was going to put one or two times a week for the next two years and a half of our markets.
I was wrong.
One of three American women is a violent violence of distance or access at some point of their life, and the control of the control of information that every year 15 million children are male, 15 million children are male.
So actually, I had very good company.
I will go back to my question: Why did I take me?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was looking at me.
At the way, I was a very strong woman who was a very strong man, and it was the only person in the world that I could help you get to Cambridge to the details.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just make it make?
Why did I not come from? I could have gone at any time.
So for me this is the largest question and adversity that makes people, because we are, we know something that you usually do, it's incredibly dangerous to go to a market.
Because the last phenomenon in the pattern of the digital violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the specialists in the cases of the distance of the distance are after the value have been able to end up to the relationship -- after they said, because then the adventure has nothing to lose it.
And some of the other resources include the personal personality, even after the grandmother has come to carry, definition of financial resources and market from the family system of family to move to the value and their children, which are usually concerned for the factors to spend time to spend their mother to happen.
And we still keep asking why it just doesn't go up.
And I was able to go out of a last surface of an last man that I came up with my business.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if he would have allowed it.
So I took the simulation.
I told him all the world, to the police to my friends and my friends and families -- and I'm here today, and I'm here today because all of you.
We have the trend to study the values as specialists like specialists, women -- and you get a few advantages.
The question, "Why does it go from?
For some people in a way for some people is a way to say, "It's going to be to save, as if the values will be able to get away from men who want to be able to destroy.
But since I did "Stepper Linker, I have heard a lot of stories of men and women who were also said, who learned a invisible lesson of what happened.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a value and a support of a very typical visual violence.
I went back to a terrible man and love and we have those three children.
I have that black black and also that microscope.
What I'm not going to have to get to have never ever got to have to have a little bit of a cardiological period by looking at my head in hands of someone who says I want to do.
At this point, they are just thinking, "Hey, that's fairly." Or "Hello, what does it look like, but all this time I have actually been talking about you.
I make sure there are a few people who are listening to me right now, which are being male or that they were a little bit of small or they are about themselves.
The man could be making his daughter to his son, to his best friend right now.
I was able to put the end of my local love to put the silence.
And I'm doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims -- and it's my last oil to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
The adversity is just in the situation.
They have the power to go with the distance violence just taking light on it.
The values we need all the world.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of the distance violence.
They put the market to the light talking about it with their children, their friends of work, their friends and family.
They remember their vision of supporting and failures and factories, which have a full future.
They remember the early signs of violence to try to interact to you to get their school and show the values a safe sale.
We can become our careers, our months and our families and our families in the safe and particles that should be.
Thank you.
home. I call you Cambridge Rose, and for a time, I'm a model.
To be presented, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this point there is an amazing trend in the room because it shouldn't have seen like this.  So I have been able to be able to change.
This is the first change in a TED stage -- so you have a lot of hard to present it, I think.
If a few of the women were happy when you go up, you don't have to do it now, but I will find it more later in Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of power to change what you think of me in as only 10 seconds ago.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These issues are really exciting that I don't have to use it.
The worst part is going to go up in the head, because it's when you're going to go out of me, so they don't do anything as I cut my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been market.
Well, I hope not as much like this picture.
The audience is powerful but as well.
I've changed what they thought about me in six seconds in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a nation in real life.
I was totally including and the photograph told me that he would go to the way that I would have to go up with the charge of the child.
And of course, I came up with a support or an artificial brain like that I did two days for the work, there are very little that we can do to transform our life, which is, even though it has a great impact in our lives.
So today, to me, it's going to be valuable to be honest.
I'm in this stage because I'm a model.
Because I am a white woman and white and in my body sector -- that's a sex girl to be a sex.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do it, but in a way.
The first question is, how is it going to be going to be model.
And I always say, a cardiologist was found me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason that I made me model is because they make the genetic language, and I'm the benefit of a hero, and maybe you're asking what this is.
Well, in the last few century we have not only defined the beauty as a health and self-interest and simulation, which we're biologically professional to address -- we also have done it to a high and strange signal and a white skin.
And that is my heart, which I have to know to make a money.
And I know that there are people in the public that are now structurally, and maybe there are some ways in the way that they say, "Stepper. There are Navot, Tom, Johnson Stanford, Liberia World.
First of all, the ability to know so much of models -- it's amazing.
But I certainly have to tell you that in 2009, a study of the University of New York City and every one of the models in the paper, and from the 18th modern models -- just 21, is to say, less than four percent -- they were not white -- they were not white from four percent.
The next question that people always ask me is, could it be model when it is in?
And my first answer is, I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be worried of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a collective carbon and positive, which would be improvise, because it would be the first one.
If after this particular list -- even institutionally, no, no, no, I want to be model -- then I say, I know my fish.
Because I am not going to go from anything -- and you could be the religious record of the United States, or the United States of Harvard, or the next State State State.
It will say that more of you want to be model to say that you want to win the fight when you are older when you are.
It's out of your control -- it's amazing and it's not a work that you can choose to.
I'm going to show you everything that I learned in 10 years as a model -- because of the carbon force, it can recognize right now.
I don't know what happened there.
So only once you have had your studies -- and you have a collapse and some work to your stress, no longer matter what you say, if you say you want to be present from the United States of the United States, but your collapse said to be the United States of the United years, and the people would look at you ridiculous.
The next question that people are always doing is if all the pictures are coming back.
And yes, they basically go back all the pictures -- but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a biology, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're going into the personal terrorist, but it was a child.
So I put up to my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a fish for a few days before the pictures for the French Valley.
So here I am with my food team and in the back.
And this is me in the activity.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those picture.
They are created from a group of professors, flowers, markets, phones and strategies, and all of their aid and people of private and production, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is, you get things like that?
I have too many tasks of 20 percent, and that I have never used it, except the couple -- but the principles that I get in the real life, and that we don't like to talk to us.
I grew up in California, and once I went to a task and I forget to take money, and they gave me the computer visitor.
And when I was a tension, I was working with my friend that was a completely short pressure, and it came up with a series of red and of course, and it was pretty much sort of sort of sort of sort of put it up.
I learned from these principles for my life, not for what I am -- and there are people who are paying a price for their life without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the age of 125 to the ones that are going to go to the ones that were going to go up and come up, 75 percent were black and man, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 185 young black and black grades in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
But how many times I'm going to be painting?
When I was going to put this talk to this talk, I was going to be able to go to the age of 14 percent of the United States in the United States -- don't like your body, and that number is speaking to 78 percent.
So the last question that people ask me is, how is the life of a model.
And I think the answer that you expect is, if you're a little bit more dangerous, and you have the most beautiful weight and you feel very happy and supported.
And behind the cameras we give an answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel -- and also incredible power to work with creative people, income and application.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens because what we never say in front of the cameras -- what I have never said in front of them, is, I am inspired.
And I'm because I have to worry about my life every day.
And if you ever ask, with a little bit more dangerous and the most beautiful bank, it will be more happy.
They just have to go up with a group of models -- because they have the most decentralized grandmothers, the most brilliant and the world's most likely to the world, but they probably are the most successful women on the planet.
But about all of it was hard to take a little bit of the real optimism and the government when I am one of the biggest biologists.
If there is something to get out of this talk, I hope that all of you feel more comfortable to recognize the power of the image that we have from the success and the Africa.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was the biggest enough to take a camera -- but today I want to share with you with my 15 more presentations, and I didn't have me who I put them out.
There were no artists that had no artistic directions, no opportunity to recognize the pictures -- not even a little bit of care of the correction.
In fact, most of them gave them topic in the search.
My story starts when I started in New York City to give me a pollution, my wife took me up this picture in the day of the day in the day of their first drivers -- that's the top of the 14 and the five percent.
I gave the ability that we went back to New York City a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what it comes now.
When it was the third computer of my daughter -- my wife told me, why don't you take you to New York to New York in a little piece and control the really?
So here is when we started to ask the tools that they were going to get out of the picture.
It is amazing that the ability to deliver the camera to a complete complete is so universe.
No one has been negative and unfortunately, no one has been heard with the camera with the camera.
And so we were not aware of how much we would change the life this journey.
It turned into something like us.
This picture is a few weeks after the age of 18, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day in a way that a five years can understand it.
These pictures are a lot more than a little bit more than a moment or a specific journey of a specific journey.
They are also a way to stop time in a week of transformation and we're going to be able to figure out about our time and our evolution over the years, and not just the physical level, but in all the sense.
Because even though we always get the same picture, our perspective changes -- my daughter came up with new homeoses, and I can see life through their eyes and how it allows them to be all of it.
That time we spend together is something that we hope with terrible every year.
And recently in one of the journey -- we were walking up, when it suddenly goes up in the second and it would be a red task of the market that was a little bit of a little bit of a little bit in the before.
And I discovered what had felt about five years of foot in that same place.
I started to remember their heart to be able to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I looked at in New York are universal, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we believe is the remember of them.
And so I want to share the idea of being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a lot of recently.
I don't know about you, but I don't know about these 15 pictures -- I don't go out in a lot of the family.
I'm always the one that comes the picture.
So today I want to help you to all of us in the picture, and they don't be able to go to someone and ask you, you get a photograph?
Thank you.
I wanted to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species in the world.
The capitalisms are found in the most advantage group in the world.
First of all, why do they have so bad presentation?
It also has been associated with Dentis really personal and personal characters like mental characters -- states, statistics.
More recently, if you have been following the really really really rich reading and applications and access to these are the actions that are associated with the New Angeles -- but I don't know.
I don't know. Do you know why.
Because the members of the Park don't keep the environment --   People don't help to predict the disease.
And they are difficult --    -- they're far away from supporting.  And my favorite -- the capitalisms have better price --   -- there are two kinds of banks on this planet.
There are the New World capitals that are found in the United States, like the cartoons and the carbon careers, and the Bangladesh Obama Oceans, where we have 16 species.
So why are the basis are important -- in the first place, they provide living economic services lived.
They are our natural baseballs.
Let's get them up to the bones.
They help us kill all the bacteria -- they help you to get the stranger that will not be for them, and they would be able to get a lot of particle and disease in other animals.
The recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no capitals, the parents take three to four times more time to determine, and this has huge relationships in the disease.
The basis also have huge history.
They've been associated to the old electrical culture.
"No number was the symbol of the production and the model and the motion with the course, they were going to go into the university between the Allie and the European England.
In the home, Japan was the graduate God -- and he took his life to save the David State of 10 head decline definition.
In the terrible culture, they make some very important scale to open sky. In places like Time, there is no place to go to the death, or it would move to them -- so these capitals are going to make a system of natural electric system.
What is the problem with the careers?
We have eight species of capitalism in Kenya, of which six are in an extremely strange extension.
The reason is that they're being sense, and the reason that they are being understood is because there are conflict between humans and factory.
In the South Asia.
This drug has been used to use vision in India and have taken a poster.
Because there is no capital, there has been a property in the number of particular dogs in the middle of the course, and when you have some battlefieldies -- you have a huge piece of time for robot.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest electrical parts in Africa -- 350 records are going to be the top of the Tanzania Lab.
I'm not against the electric energy -- but we have to work with the governments because the electric flowers do this to the birds -- they cut them up for half of them.
They're transportation transportations.
In Western Africa -- there is a heart company of dead capitalisms to look at the box and the market market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're invented to these birds -- we are putting them out.
We're trying to determine their basic economy, and see where they go.
So we can see that they travel for different countries, so it will be in a very simple problem not going to get out of anything.
We have to work with the governments in the religious level.
We're working with local communities.
We are talking to them about being able to support the capital, about the need to apply these wonderful creatures and the services that they do.
How can you help. It can come back to action, and you can write a close to their government and tell them we have to focus on these very early creatures -- David their time to spend the word -- and I would go the word to do the words.
When you go out of this room, you will tell you about the capitals, but they talk to their families with their children, with their children on the cartoons.
They are very completely. Charles Darwin said that it changed from office because he saw them to fly without any energy of energy in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing that I do and everything I do -- my life -- it's been market for seven years of work for me in Africa.
It's since 1995 to 1995. I find young people, but I don't know that.  I worked in Zealand, Kenya, Congress and South And South Architecture and South Solar projects with African countries.
I was working for a Nigeria Indian, and every project that we face in Africa.
And I was presented.
I thought, at the age of 21, we were good people and we were doing a good work in Africa.
So instead of that, everything we had to do is we start it.
Our first project -- which inspired my first book, "Americans of the Zetas, was a project where a little bit we decided to teach people from Zentics to grow food.
So we got to self-interested self-standing to the dream of Zentics to this absolutely wonderful value that it depends on the Rome Rome, and we teach the local takes the local and crazy, and the carbon and the carbon and the carbon and the carbon and the carbon and the carbon and the carbon and the carbon and the carbon and the carbon and the carbon and the carbon and
Of course, people were not at all.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that they didn't grow anything -- we just said, "Thank God that we are here?  It's a time to save people from Mars of the mouse?
And of course, everything in Africa is a beautiful one.
So we got these markets on Iraq, in Iraq -- a subject grew up to this size -- in Zentics, to this size.
And we could not believe it, we were telling them to the shows, "Let's look at what easy is the action?
When the issues were based and markets and rooms, in the night at the morning -- about 200 we've got out of the river and they started all of them --  and we said to the shows, the God, the man, the people.
And the characters said, "Yes, that's why we don't have Africa here?  "Why didn't they say that?
I thought that only we come up with examples in Africa -- but then I saw what the Americans did -- what they did the English -- what they did the French, and after looking at what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zealand.
Because as you see, at least we feed them at the way.
You should see the decades,  You have to see the decades that we give them to the people in Africa.
And I want to read a book, I read "The Mexico Death, of Darwinian Mexico, economically.
The book was published in 200 percent.
We have Western data, we have gone into the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has come on.
Just read your book.
They take a part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
We are increasingly, and we are institutionally, and we treat people just two ways, or we pay, or we are patients.
The two words are coming from the right radio rate, which means "Park?
However, it means two different things.
Patients, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my children. I want a lot.
Park, I treat all of a different culture of a different culture as if they were my searches.
So the white ones in Africa are called "The "Allow?
That book gave me a control in the face -- and the small is beautiful, written by Pole, who said about all the economic development if people don't want to be helped to be help.
This should be the first beginning of the help.
The first one of the aid is to respect it.
So this morning, the fear that I opened up this conference put up on the ground and said, can we imagine a city that is not neurons?
I decided at the age of 24 years I just respond to people, and I invented a system called Facebook Company where you never started anything.
So what do you do?
It comes to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people.
We didn't work from the office.
We got in a card. We got in a bank.
We have an infrastructure of it.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing.
You can give you an idea to somebody else.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do you?
The passion that she has for their own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for their own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find the knowledge because no one in the world can have a success.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge -- but the knowledge is available for it.
So years and years ago, I had this idea, why not us, for one time instead of coming to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for one time, we heard about it, but not in the common communities.
I'll tell you a secret to you.
There is a problem with the communities of the community.
The companies never appreciate, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting -- what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity have come in.
So, the plan has this blind point.
The most smart people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't go to their public resources.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face -- you have to create a social infrastructure -- which doesn't exist.
You have to create a new teachers here.
The teacher is the medical medical medical medical medicine of the business -- which has been written with you in your house, in the table of their car, and that he helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way to make the life.
And I started this as a test in Space, the city of Western Australia.
I was doing a doctor in that time, trying to get out of this bank care that we got to tell you what to do.
In a year, I was 24 projects in a market, and the government came to me to ask to ask, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I want something very, very hard.
I went up and I heard it --    So the government says, "I mean, "We have done in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40 business.
There is a new generation of companies that are dying out of it.
Park Dent, one of the most big companies of the story, and I had a few years ago.
Pennsylvania Dead was a professor of physics before you get in the business, and this is what I say Perion David, "People is actually an amazing with a society and an economic company of information.
Plant is the head of the death of the companies of the comparison
And so now you are going to build China without knowing what the most amazing people in China want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to go back to you with you.
You have to be able to be able to be able to be able to have to be fantastic to help them, and then they will get in the way.
In a community.
You can imagine a community of 400 people, the intelligence and the passion?
So what do you think of more of this morning.
So local local people -- that's what you have been approved.
So what I tell you is that the space is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution of the first industrial revolution -- not reporters, and from a moment to others, we have systems that are not supposed.
The Internet of the interest is not supposed.
The face as a way to support maps is not supposed.
What we have to consider is, it's how we have, we know, we come on, we communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution, the university? </s> And the university?
Government? Okay?
They are going to be the employees, and they're doing it now.
There is a nice story that I was in a future back many years ago.
There was a group of experiments that were invited to make the future of New York City in the year 1970.
And in the year 1970, it came up with this group of people, and they were able to tell the city of New York in 100 years in 100 years, and the content was an one, the city of New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they took the curve and they said, if the population has been growing up to this room, to bring the population in New York to the around, they would recognize six million gentlemen, and the structure produced for six million dollars would be impossible.
They were going to be addicted in stage.  So in 1960, they were doing this little technology that would open up the life of New York City.
So what happened? In the next 40 years, in the United States -- in the United States they came up with 100 community companies, 1995.
And the idea of finding a different technology was absolutely excited and there were very few -- straight stress, straight in places of particles.
Dance, Mars.
And yet, there is a secret to work with the companies.
First of all, you have to be able to be able to be able to give you it.
In another way, you're not going to get to convince you with you.
And then you have to give you an absolute -- definitely, security service.
And again, you will have to tell you the truth with it to understand.
The most small company, the largest company has to be able to do three things, the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic -- you have to tell you with a fantastic complexity, and you have to tell you with a very financial application specialist.
Do you know what?
We have never met a only human being in the world that can be able to do, sell and look for the money.
There is no exist.
This is still not named.
We have invented and looked at the 100 companies in the world, Walker, Egypt, French, all the new companies -- Google, Google.
There is only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common -- only one of them was not sent by one person else.
I would never have the word me, but the word "architect?
He wasn't just when he began with.
Nobody starts a company alone.
So we can create the community where we have philosophers, who come from a little business of small business sitting in cartoons, and in front of their decades on the cards who are going to do for you, what someone did for this room who I talk about to this environment, someone who would ask you to say, what does it need.
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, you can see it, you can look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that? I want you to look at somebody?
We make communities us.
Thank you.
And those of us who are able to help us have a lot of ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors -- so we don't have a lot of knowledge to stop the same public space.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like an ancestors, straight and documentary.
These projects come out of questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their particles?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment.
How do you share more remember of our building buildings and understand better our paradox."
So how do we share more of our species to the vaccines for our communities so that our communities can grow our needs and dreams?
I live in New East and I am born from New East Orch.
My car always found an automobile role with the digital robots that give you a lot of and shelters and search from the middle and a city in a city.
It always gives the music.  There is a detail in New East --  -- the city has one of the most beautiful artists in the world, but also one with the largest amount of properties in the U.S.
I live close to this house and I thought how it could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life for always for it.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
His death was recently and income.
I thought a lot in the death and I thought a lot in the death and I thought about it.
And this would make me a deep professor for the time.
He gave him the significant things of my current life.
But I'm going to keep this look in my collaborative life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let the day for day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the old help of old and new friends brought the wall of this house in a giant paper and I thought about it to be free to get them, "Do you want to die.
So the teachers could take a specialist, to get up about their lives and share people in the public space.
I didn't know what to wait for this experiment but the next day the wall was actually a lot and so on.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote in the wall.
"Do you want to die to be ready by a personality.  You know, "I want to show you in the line of the change of the dancer, the dancer.
"Do you want to die for millions of people.
"Do you want to die a route.
"Do you want to die outside of the network?
"Do you want to deal with it once more and more.
"Do you want to go to the response of somebody else.
"Do you want to die to be completely myself.
And this space was going to be controlled and the dreams and the dreams of people made me go back to carbon, and they gave me a lot of hard moment.
It's about you to know that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and straight ways -- it's about giving it to report and control, and to remember what is the most important thing for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started to get hundreds of messages of people who wanted to make a wall in their community community.
So with my colleagues of the clinical center we did a cloud and now they've been made in countries in countries around the world, like Kenya, South Africa, Africa, Arthur and beyond there.
And together we show the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to explain and share a lot.
Two of the most valuable things we have is the time and our relationships with other people.
And in our age of development in the water, it is more important than never -- to find the ways of building the perspective and remember that life is broken and charge.
The death is something that we often have to talk about, or even think, but I understood that we have to worry about death is one of those things that we get more power.
Think about the climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can be able to get better what makes us care about as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fear and stories and the people that risk us not only can help us improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
So today I have a single period.
Please don't tell me that I'm a normal thing.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
And I got 24 years old, it's high and so on.
I don't talk about, but it doesn't make any better than some of the best organizations.
I just know what the love.
And so I share it in the way that it happened.
It's not a grandmother. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
It doesn't care about the relationship and you think about this, has never mind.
When you get a little bit of our instrument, trying to produce words that I didn't even have to get to me, I remember one thing, the little bit about the mind and the wonderful thing that it must be the destination.
It has 16 years old. It's high -- it's a little bit.
It makes the most improvise memory.
However, it's a security memory here.
I don't remember if I got my grandmother, but I remember the year that I came out every single person in my individuals, conversation that we kept when I was four years old, to make my arm in my arm during the first stage of Telescope and the Greek Galaxy.
It does not seem incredible to you.
But most people are not right.
And in fact, because their minds don't get into the amount of nature of society, often they are individual and involved.
But what I put up to my heart and I fortunately was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't think about it, it could only mean one thing -- that they were extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary.
Now, for those less families with the term treatment, it's a whole brain transparency that affect social communication.
In every individual in each individual in a different way, there is a different way to San Stanford.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, you do a new case, and even though it's one of the challenges of the development that faster in the world, there is no cause of the world, there is no cause of control.
I don't remember me about my first find with the audience, but I don't remember one day without him.
I had only three years when my sister came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new being in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
I got a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it doesn't seem very interested in me at all.
I was just living in their own world, with their own rules -- and I found to play in the most small things, like put the cars on the room around the room, and you can see anything that would have been between media.
As I grew up, it becomes more different -- and the differences were getting more effectively.
But beyond the boats, the fraction and the international hospital, there was a really unique nature -- a positive nature and investigation, a child who looked at the world without an analogy, a human being had never mind.
Exception.
I can't argue that there has been some hard moments in my family -- moment in which I would have designed that they were just like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuals -- the communication and the love, and I realize that they're things that I didn't want to change by the nature.
The nature goes through the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could take a single thing to the Red and I was going to go up and go to you, you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because authors, or not, the differences that we have -- are a day, every one of us has one day in their inside and support, the search of the nature is the last supply of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of it.
The opportunity for grandmother, the progress and the change died in the time that we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm a normal thing.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what it must have been Alexander in the country.
I thought I was asked to me, a computer teachers -- which would give a kind of communication to the institutional students of engineering students in it.
I was accepted.  And I was actually accepted.
But when you develop those conversations -- I felt what Alexander should have felt when I went through the heart of the car and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt like I had those conversation with the students with the students -- I was surprised by the ideas that they have, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great community.
We need a great communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are getting up our biggest challenges from energy to the environment and care of the health, between others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these great conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invited us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please have simple.
So I want to share some services about how you can do it to make sure that their science is sex and their engineering is active.
The first question to respond to them, and then what?
So why is the science of science to us.
They don't tell us just that they study the biologists, but they study the biologists, which are the market structure of our bones because it's important to understand and try to try to understand and try to try to try and try to be the optimism.
And when they are writing their science, I care about the gallon.
The game is a observation for our understanding of their ideas.
Security, you can say space and temperature, but why don't you say space and time, which is much more access to us?
They're not the same thing to make them the same thing to make them.
At the way, as Egypt said that everything is as simple as possible.
They can communicate their science without buying the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples and stories and antibiotics -- and they are ways to engage and get them up with their context.
And when you put their work, you forget of the seasons of sacred?
They have been asked why they call "computers?  What do the balls, the balls kill -- and they will kill their price up.
A film like this is not just a boat, but you support too much in the language of our brain and address us.
In change this factory of George Brown is a lot more effective -- shows that the special structure of biologists is so strong that it really inspired the only design design of the U.S.
The treatment here is to use a simple failure, read that the public can understand if you lose a little bit of grandchildren, and in the way, they will be able to make a few of our other sense, and they believe a more profound sense of understanding what it is described.
I think these are just some key key that you can help the others we open up the door and look at the country of the wonderful science that is science.
And so, scientists and engineers -- when they have been used to have this equivalent for all of the media.
One of my favorite words from the entire English of English English is support.
It's just because it sounds very well.
And "Letters, it means political police."
And even though there was a performance of the 19th century that was a lot better when he said, "One self-instruction is that you look for a public charge without matter a particular policy, playing it or first, and that, when you win it, you get it for the best use of a very red viruses of a very reductional movement.
I have no idea what the "management?
Something to do with the words, I guess the words here.
It's very important that the words are the based on politics -- and that all the politicians know that they have to try to make the language.
It was not until -- for example, 1870, that the British Paul allowed the people to raise the words that they were said in the career camera.
And this was all because of the value of a guy with the name of the name of Brazil British, who went to the Park.
And they got in the Turkey of London and they were surrounding, but he had the enough enough to face them, and at the end I had such a popular support in London that they do.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the factory in the face of the face and the boat of the metaphor, like the metaphor."
Most of you think that it's limited to me.
It's not. It's because of a definition of the experience.
But to show you really how the words and the political policy -- I want you to go back to the United States, just after the influence of the individual.
So they had to do the question of how to call George Washington, their leaders to read it.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a recording country.
This was done in the conference for a long time.
They were present all kinds of services that could have been front.
Some of them wanted to call it "The Walter of the Walter Wall, and other George George Walter Walk, and another Brown Brown Brown War Wars.
It's not very applicating.
Some of them just wanted to call it "Red?
They thought that it was about a quality of it.
And they didn't even with that were motoring, they had the idea that you could be choose to be closed by a decent paradox.
And it could be serious.
All the world is concerned about, because this debate was produced for three weeks now.
I was the day of a poor policy, and I always wrote with this temperature?
What causes the challenge and the way that the camera of Research was against the September.
The California Carlo didn't want us to be able to power.
They didn't want to call it Red for if I was going to go to him or their own ideas.
So they wanted to give you the most modern and more institutional and more supposed to go on it.
And that terrorist was "Performance?
President. They didn't invent the task. There was just before, but it only meant a memorial memory, a memory.
It was like the price of a play.
And I didn't have much larger than the transparency of "computer, or "Superstars?
And there were an events of a little collective and collective faces of government, but it really was a terrible task.
And that is why the Earth is opening.
They said, "It's a relationship, we can't call it Prince."
And this guy has to be fortunate and represent with extraordinary distributions.
And who will take it on the serious with a support and income as Princes American.
And finally, after three weeks of decision, the San Steve didn't get up.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my family until I've been able to figure out, the Sun has never turned out the transparency of Prince.
The Prince Bang Brown has enough to keep there, waiting for the San State in action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that one is a time --  -- we are possible that we are going to be able to wait 45 years more.
But the third thing that we can learn -- and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you -- is that the U.S. Prince Treatment doesn't sound at all.
In all of them if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads in the way, the biggest economy of the world and a flower of version of the world and some of the subjects and the surgery.
The reality.
So at the end of the end of the Sandy.
They got their transparency of responsibility to it.
And as well.
But you know how many numbers have now presented?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the four nuclear heads and so on.
And so at the end of the San America and the Camera of Jewish response, because no one is going to feel like you are going to feel like they are the United States of the U.S.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn and that I would like to leave you to you.
The politicians try to choose and use the words to give and control the reality -- but actually, the actual reality of the words that they could change the reality.
Thank you very much.
I am 45 to feet under the land of Gandhi in Google.
The air is carbon and public and it is hard to go out.
I feel the role of support bodies in the dark -- but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that are talking about, but about all of those markets and particles and particles with private tools.
As the other people, I took a little bit of light of light to the head with this exercise and you can just make the risk resources that are supposed to take the patterns of that hole of a feet that I spent hundreds of feet in the Earth.
It turned out my hand and suddenly I remember a mission that I met days before, who lost the control and a course of me in that power.
And as I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that room accepted their lives without pay and respond to me, and often dead.
I went out of that room and I went home, but they might never do it, because they are present from the scale.
In the last 24 years I was making natural culture in more than 70 countries in six countries, and in 2008, I had the great honor to be the only exploration in the Court of Virginia.
And among all of the incredible people I met there I met a self-in-the interview of the Sandy, a Nigeria that is going to choose the modern speed.
We started talking about the scale and really, I started to learn about specific because I knew that there is in the world, but not to the grandmother.
When we ended up talking about a very bad thing, I was able to identify this action of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
It made me a search and a few weeks later, I went back to the Americans to meet the direction of the San Sea and to offer my help.
So I started my journey to the modern speed.
So I had been in a lot of these places.
Some of them even put them my second home.
But this time, it would come up with the strange transportations.
And a conflict clearly says that there are over 24 million people in the world.
It is the amount of the amount of African Africa during the whole transparency of transparent scales.
A hundred years ago, the cost of an African stage was about three times the advantage of a U.S. work.
The equivalent of a few of them will be 50 percent.
However, you can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get in the general decades of the 18 percent.
It was surprisingly, the special generation of more than a hundred billion dollars a year all over the world.
A lot of people have been conflicted with pretty good education of good education and better work to then find out that they are allowed to work with no pay -- under violence and can't be able to stop.
So today the space is going to be optimistic in the company, the things that are produced by structures have value.
There's almost all the world in almost all the world and yet, it's individual around the world.
In India, I met the horses of the barriers.
So this extraordinary thing was just like to go into the old explain or the Internet of Darwin.
In a temperature of 48 percent, men women, women, kids, in fact, family families in a piece of politicians -- advanced memories in their head.
They were destroyed by the motor and the career work in similar, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 18 hours a day.
There were no patterns to eat -- and the search support was made to be a lot of interactive in it.
And so they were the heat and the politician that my camera became too close to the room and let it work.
Every 20 minutes I had to go back to the car to clean the team and make it work in the air to get it up and sitting there, and I sitting there, I felt there, my camera gets a lot better than these people.
And I wanted to go back in the monkeys I wanted to go up and the acceptance that I was at my side.
And I got very clearly to show emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't be able to give you any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, anything.
I wasn't a city of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already at all.
I had to trust the San Sans and work inside the system for their freedom and trust you to get it.
And I hope to get home to feel like my heart heart.
In the House, I found children going up for miles for miles for mountains to the man who were waiting at the bottom of it.
Those great plants were more likely than the children that the charges and the kids would take them to their heads with care cars made of papers and courses and dangers.
It's hard to present something as well.
How can we go into something so interactive, but so much acceptable?
Some of them don't even know that they are scales -- and they work 16 or 18 hours a day, because this has been this whole life.
They don't have anything to share with.
When these animals were able to be able to reach the strangers, the scales were coming into their house.
When I hear the word that we often think of a sexual journey and because of this global consciousness to me that it would be hard to work with security in this particular business.
In Kanzi I had a women who had been present with sexual security.
And I was taken by a little bit of some of these things that they would go to this simplified sign, which is the foreign light.
It wasn't exactly a correct.
It was more well.
Reporting, as you know in the office -- are local for the force program.
They have small room, privates, where the straight states with their kids and kids, some of you just seven years -- they're forced to go to the heat and they will start to buy more food.
Every single thing is dark and supporting, it was an idea of a number on the wall.
The workers often have sexual ancestors in their clinics.
And in the middle of it, I remember to have felt a little bit like a little bit of the advantage and in that strategy.
I just had a salamburtic, the scales where it comes in.
There were no doors that had been done.
There were no very big version of the way to try to go.
Those people don't have a strategy and because we take a very difficult issue -- it's important to point out that specialist, even the sexual transition -- it happens to us.
There are hundreds of people who are scared in the agriculture -- in research, in the distance service and the list can keep it.
And recently, the New York Times did that between 100 and 300 American children are sold every year as sex scales.
It happens in the way, but we don't see it.
Technologies are another activity that we often related to the hand of the working way.
And I was able to come up with individuals in which there were family families in the beginning of the search.
This is a family.
The black hands of black are from the father -- the blue issues and the red of their children.
Market teachers in these big banks and support it on the list to the colors, but the issue is toxic.
And I told me the story.
We don't have a flowers."
We are going to be able to be able to go out of this house some day and go to another place where we really pay our work.
It turns out that there are more than 400 children who are speaking in the Valley Land, the biggest artificial law of the world.
When we came out, I went to take a quick view of it.
I saw what it seems to be a family of fish in a bank, two older beautiful, some more young children -- it makes sense right?
Electricity. They were all specific.
The kids are supporting from their transparent families -- discovered and forced to work on the strangers in these bacteria in the side, despite not to know anything.
This child has eight years old.
When our bacteria was able to be transported, it takes her little heart to be embedded.
It was parallel by the fear of the water.
The religious robots of the routing trees in the lab often are often addicting networks and kids and and failure, and with fear of the water to get the roles.
So many of them are going to be addicted.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the law.
For your love to your love is not going to go to it, and like all life has been treated with crisis, I grew up to the most young people under their own.
I met these guys at the age of five in the morning, when they were looking at the last networks -- but they had been working from the one one of the ones that had been working from the one one one of the ones that had been working from the one one one of the ones that had been working from the one one one of the ones that
At night I was at night and view.
And you have to point out that these networks spend over 400 miles when they are fish of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kenya.
Katra was represented in a piece of pieces.
I met it in a result in which you save the San Standards visions in the stage.
King is possible.
Who is going to be thank you that someone decided to make the difference in your life?
And I would drive by a room in Google with Sans School, a show of the standard and a show with their mountain suddenly and support our car and put it up the window of the window and put it out.
It asked us to do it by a land of land to the secret.
At the end of the way, I went to go out of the car, and I asked him to go to the company that would come out quickly.
And then I went up with this self-in-the signal and said, "This is the way, this is the way.
And as we started to go down, we took the conditions that were thrown on the way and after walking about a time of an hour we found that the way I was killed by the religious leaders -- so I put the team of pictures on my head as we get in my head to the piece.
After two hours in the way, the situation would end up in a clear of course, and we had in front of a little bit of holes that could be able to run in a financial field and all of them were full of straight workers and all of them were full of straight workers and they were all full of specific work.
A lot of women had children who were addicted to their streets, and as they were looking at the water and they would walk in water with memories.
Market is used in the process.
These guys are written in a piece in another part of Goldmen.
When they came out of the fish they were made in their own supply.
I remember to look at your eyes carefully, and because many of them had been under land for 24 hours.
The legs have up to 80 feet and these people who are able to be able to be able to be brought up to another area in which they would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
First of all, the site seems to be full men and violence, but if we look at a little bit of close -- we see to work to other people and also children.
All of them are violent virus, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this machine ended up like this value of treatment and the understanding of a few years.
This is Mars. When he died his father his father took it to work with him in the minutes.
And when you die their top, Mars will make the definition of what it is going to be written in the minutes.
When I met it, I had worked on the age of 14 years and the leadership of the legs that you see here is a product of an action in the middle -- so big that the doctors said it should be a support.
In addition to that, Mars has transparents, and I don't want to do that -- it's going to work night and day in that me.
And yet, he goes up with being free and education with local activists like the San Sandership, and this is this kind of definition, from a face to a relationship -- what I'm inspired by a lot of respect to me.
I want to bring light on the scale.
They knew that their images would be seen for you.
I wanted you to know that we're going to give you a sense of them and we will do everything to help change their lives.
I certainly believe that if we can see each other as human beings -- then it's very difficult to take the action as the scale.
These images are not from resources. They are about people, the real people, like you and like me, which are the same rights and responsible for their lives.
There is no day that I don't think about these so many beautiful people, managed, which I've had the great honor to know that.
I hope that these images make a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is going to be a fire and that that fire would bring light on the space because without that light, the base of the space can continue to live in the shoes.
Thank you very much.
I do market math, and there is a wonderful problem for who we do it, we are like the generation of generation.
Nobody knows what we do.
So today, I'm going to try to explain what I do.
The dance is one of the most human.
We were depressed by the vaccines of the bank and the carbon cards -- that we will see more again.
But the ball has been able to make an extraordinary station, a high level of strategy, and probably certain attention that you can actually have a genetic company.
Let's really take the neurons like the bad percent of Pakistan destroyed this extraordinary ability to do it with my friend James San Stephen that, in his time, it was a version of barrier.
In the last few years, it has been a lot in the treatment in the treatment of the treatment in the treatment here.
However, there are 3.5 million people in the world that are distributed and they have to deal with an incredibly unique spinal, transparent, replication and other systems.
We need to be able to measure the progress in the way, and the only way we will know if there is really a wall to be when we have an object and center medication.
But it's fractional that for the Park and other terms of the movement there are no biological markets, and so they don't look at the advantage analysis, and the best thing that we have is an extension of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a climate to do it -- it's very, very expensive -- and that means that, outside the clinical trials -- they never do.
And what if patients could do it at home.
So that would save a little bit of it to the climate -- what if the patients could do the it?
It doesn't need personal people.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars.
So what I want to put to you as a way that I don't think to do it, you see, in a certain sense at least at least we are violent as my friend James Stephen.
This is a video of the virus of volunteers of the volunteer.
It shows someone in the way that you get out of the situation -- and we can imagine as a battery of a vaccine beautiful because we have to deal with all of those vaccines to produce sound and we all have the genes to produce sound and all of us have to need it.
And as the bank, it takes a level of extraordinary entrepreneurs.
We think of the time that I take a child to learn to talk to a child to learn to talk about.
In the sound of the sound -- we can reduce the position of the volunteers as they come up, and as the Park is going to the explorations, it also affect the variables that are virtued.
And in the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of the collapse of the volunteer colors.
We see the same symptoms.
It goes value, security and report.
The device becomes more concerned and applied after a room, and this is an example of the systems.
So how do you compare these extra excellents in the voice with the climate clinical trials -- well, both of these are not investigating.
The brain is not investigating -- both of us use the right infrastructure of it.
It doesn't need to design a whole series of hospital to make them.
And both of them are presentation. Okay, but it will be all the extra banks are not specifically.
That is, they can be a strangers.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
And they are a little bit of movie and we all know what happens to what happens to you.
And when something is going to take a cost so low -- it comes up to the music.
So these are some amazing ready ready to help up.
We can reduce the people of the patients.
It would not be going to go to the climate to the charge of the refugee.
And with the high way we could get a lot of objective data.
We could actually make a little bit of under the cost for clinical trials and for the first time, financial scales to the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biologists of the disease before it is too later.
So when I give you the first step in that sense, we are taking the Virgin Rene of the Park.
And I went to American and Palestine, we want to go back a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to give you all these things.
We have local local lines for about 150 million people in the world.
Any or without Pakistan, you can call it at the bottom and let you get a little bit for a few cents -- and I was able to figure out that we already have gone up at seven percent in just eight hours.
Thank you.    I took Rome, so Mars, taking all of these shows in the way that we say about 10,000 people, you can say who is happy and who isn't it?
What would you take from these shows."
Mars Liberia, yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to figure out if you have or not the disease.
MR: You see, some people can not get it. You may not get it.
But we're going to get a very large show of data in different circumstances, and do it in different cells is important because we're looking for the faces of trust in looking for the real markets of the disease.
DR: They have a 75 percent price at this moment.
MR: A lot more than that.
In fact, my Station State, I have to put it, has done a fantastic work, and now it has shown that it works in the network of mobile phone too, as well, and now we have 99 percent process.
TED, New and nine -- it's a better.
MR: Of course.
TED, thank you very much. Mary Liberia, public plan.
MR: Thank you, Tom.
Before I was 1975, I made pictures in New York City.
We are collectively collectively, grandchildren.
We get in the dark of the dark -- and in the course of versions, and by the way, we put the solar light.
We are doing the most decentralized models, the perfect skin is still more perfect to do the impossible -- it possible and they care about the whole time all the time, but some of us are really artists with many years of experience with many years of experience.
The 11 percent of 1970s, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the events that are happening in Japan in Japan there.
So a little bit later, an organization where I was volunteer, there was Virgin Voices, and I was in the place working as part of the answer.
I, along with hundreds of other values we knew that we could not be able to stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
The 12 percent travel to Obama.
It is a little piece of periodical fish in the price of almost 50 people, one of the first people who are approaching by the sun.
The water level of water came over over 24 feet of high and more than three miles land in it.
As you can imagine, the village was defined.
We were able to be able to be able to go out and the cards.
We looked at schools and we put the light up and we leave the lines to be reproduced and reproductive.
We take a little bit of the dead and the dead person -- approached, the local factory.
We got up and loved us.
For weeks as much of the values like the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and the pictures of pictures and cameras and cards and sales.
They all did the same thing.
They will get them back to different places of all around us to get them to them.
It was not until I realized that those pictures were a huge part of the personal pieces that those people were supposed to do.
And as you get out of the car, and to save their lives, they had to get absolutely all they have.
At the end of my first week I started to help in a center of the planet.
It helps us to clean the ones that are common -- the huge grandchildren, the grandmothers back.
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the center center comes up with the picture.
There I got them and I had the hours that that day will trust me in me to fight the pictures of the picture.
This was exciting and inspiration, I had heard the experience to think beyond the horizons, but it was not until I was going to make myself to me.
When you look at the pictures -- I found some of them who had over a hundred years and some of them were still on the lab of the lab -- I could not be able to think about how to get a result to how to fix that revolution, and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night in Facebook came up with some of them, and at the next morning the answer was so addictive and positive and I knew that we had to try it.
So we started to bring the pictures out of the picture.
This was the first of all.
I was not too strange, but where the water had done the face of the girl I had to have a lot of presentation and definition.
In the other way, that girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as sad as having the picture.
With the time of time, they came up with more pictures and they were needed to be a little bit more related to that is that it comes back in Facebook and Lincoln and five days later and five days of 12 countries were used to help.
When I was two weeks of two weeks I had 150 people to join it.
In Japan in Japan -- we moved to Russia, a village to the North State of Alexander.
Once we used the week we used our school in the terrible pictures that had been inspired -- where people were going to get their pictures up.
The time that they were trying to show them is a different story -- it depends on of course of the photography of the picture.
I could imagine an hour. I could imagine weeks.
I could imagine months.
And this mile had to be able to draw in the hand using the areas of the areas who color and the water was not destroyed.
I took a long time.
The water developed all these similar pictures in water water, controlled from bacteria -- even with actions, and all of them together with the step of the time I was going to build it, so you can read them to hand was a important part of the project.
We couldn't play the picture at least that I was limited, and it would have been related to their dollars.
We were lucky with the level in the hand.
We keep with the water of a really advanced version of it.
It's very easy to give even more pictures in the days.
As once once said, the leader of my group is like making a shoe.
You can't make a mistake.
The woman who brought us these pictures were kind of kind of reliable to the picture.
I had started to put them up to the same thing, but it turned out to realize that I did even more.
I also had decades.
without them, the images of their wife and their own face would not have been able to be able to recognize, we were able to support the images in a single picture and go back to the whole picture.
When the pictures came up with some of their story with us.
A few colleagues of their wife found the pictures in a statement of boats between the most far away from where it used to be his house, but their colleagues did it.
The day of the transparency, his husband was the cartoon to cut the barriers to the sun.
I had to go inside the water while the legs were going to be supposed.
Their small children are not so small now, but their two children were in the collection, in different people.
One of them was accepted in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that all of them had been supposed.
The day I gave you their pictures his own child 12 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift that I could do -- something that he could come back to look at -- something that I could remember from the past that I would not have been killed by that day in his life when everything in their life changed or was destroyed.
And after six months in Japan 120 values had been used to the home of them in the way that they were helping us to clean by hand in the age of more than 14 pictures the big photographers --  -- the great majority of their dreams.
More than 500 values around the world helped us go back to 80 hundred family pictures of these very interesting pictures and regions.
For this time, we really don't spend more than one of them in economic and materials -- most of them in the printers.
We take pictures of it.
A picture is a remember of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody wanted to.
They are deceptions of our remember and stories -- the last thing we would take to us, but the first thing we would go back to look for.
And this was the project of the project -- to get a little bit of humanity of humanity to go to someone with the past.
When a picture like this is going to somebody else, it would have a huge difference in the life of the person that I got it.
This project also takes a great difference in the life of the regions.
Some of them connected them to something bigger to do something, using something -- using their task for something that are not going to be a perfect skin model.
And to end up I'd like to read this electric experience. I sent it Carrow the day I came from Japan after six months.
As I came back, I couldn't be able to think about people and the stories show in the images.
One particular picture with a picture of different age of different age.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same thing, right?
Thank you. 
David Darwin is going to be an amazing and current career with this picture of a ball that you put up a show in an expression of just a million second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion or a billion dollars per second.
I put them a new kind of photograph -- the phone, a new techniques that can be able to create videos in the linear of the light.
And with that we can create cameras that you can see after the lines, beyond the line line -- or see the inside of the body without using X-ray really -- and they actually challenge the idea.
If you take a point to read it and I put it up in a number of second or it is, in a number of ways to create a set of photos of the application of a half a half a half a half a half a mile of advantage.
And that piece of pictures of pictures -- that show, to travel to the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common room.
So if we take that room and this piece of pictures and we would go into this bank, how are those pictures inside this boat?
What is the life of light in the light camera?
Now, all of this --   remember that all of this happens in less than one of us is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times more slow so you can see the light in movement.
Collapse doesn't support this research --  -- a lot of things in this movie -- to get this information to show what is going on.
The policy, our ball, it goes into the ground with a picture of pictures that starts to turn out and that, inside it starts to stand out.
And part of the light is going to the table -- and we started to see these professors.
Many of the pictures finally come to the screen and then explain in a number of direction.
As you can see, there is a piece of air that goes into the inside of the inside there.
In that time, the ones travel on the table and because of the resistance of the top of the top is looking at the bottom of the boat, after several careers, that the resources are going on.
Now, if we take a common community and raise and we make the same distance and we see it in camera to about 10 billion times, how many of you think it would be going to look like that film."
One day. One week -- actually, a whole year.
It would be a very amazing film --  -- from a rain rate in movement.
And what about the natural nature of the disease.
You can see the ones that are going to be out of the table and the wall and the wall of the world.
It's kind of kind of going to take a piece in a stage.
It is the way nature was going to be a picture -- I thought, from a female at the time, but of course, our eyes see an international company.
But if you look at one more time, you will realize that, as the light is going to get out of the fear -- it doesn't get dangerous.
Why? Because the fear is made and the light light in their inside and come back to come out of a number of seconds of second.
In the future, when this family is in their mobile people, you're going to be able to go to the surface and visit if the future is made without having to take it.
So what do we create this camera at MIT.
As photographs, you know, if we take a picture to a little bit of exploration, it goes very little light.
But we're going to go up a billion times faster than the most short experience, so you can just get a little bit of light.
We looked at that ball, that particle of photos, millions of times, and we went over and over again and over again with a very high sense, we take those data from data and we put them completely to create those issues that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in a critical and process it in interesting way.
So Super can fly out.
Other men can come back into investment.
And if a new power of a future is supposed to see after the lines?
The idea is that we could take a little bit of light on the door -- record, to go into the room, a part is going to go into the door, and from there to the camera.
And where we could explain those male religious relationships.
It's not science science. We've already built it.
On the left on the left, it's our face.
And behind the wall there is a market and we will fly the light on the door in the door here.
And after the published of our article in National Collection.
And a small failure of the pictures come back to the camera but controlled, at the very different time.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our family has a unique capacity of it.
It has very good technology, and you can look at the world to the speed of light.
So we know the distance down to the door and also to the support objects but we don't know what point you do to how much distribution.
So when you get a read you can get a picture of a program, which you see in the screen -- it really doesn't have any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, and we're going to take a lot of images and we're going to try to take a lot of light of light, and with that, we can see the wrong object on the way that we can see the wrong object on the way that we can see the wrong object on the way that we can see the
Can we see it at 3D."
This is our resource.
We have things to explain before I take this out of the lab -- but in the future, we could create cars that are going to be confident with what it is at the color of the collection.
Or we could look at self-interest in dangerous conditions looking at the light of the open window by the open voices of the open voices by the open voices of the open voices by the open voices of the open voices by the open voices of the open voice.
Or we could build a able to look at the inside of the body to keep self-interest, and the same thing for cartoons.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood is pretty difficult -- so this is actually a asked to the scientists so they start thinking about the future as a new model of violence to solve the problems of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the
So like David David, he was a scientist -- he became the science in art -- an art.
I realized that all of the data of data that we're going to do is not just for scientists -- but we can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do that we can not just for scientists but we can be able to be able to be able to be able to do that we can not just be for scientific
It will create a new form of computer picture with care and code of color color.
And we look at those personalities. remember, the time between each one of those places is just a couple of second.
But here is also something fun.
If you look at the ones under the past, these are all coming out of us.
They should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out that, as we are going up almost to the speed of light -- we have extraordinary effects -- and I would have been able to see this image.
The order in which the events are going to be in the world sometimes seems like the camera.
It will apply the space of space of space and time, we can actually run this fun out.
It's already time. Thank you.
home. This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change the life, and you give you an individual one.
With a mobile cell you can photograph a crime against the humanity in Santa.
With a mobile cell you can have a message and to start a product in Europe.
And with a cell you can be able to get a song and put it to South Solar and make a famous one.
All of this is possible with a mobile one.
I'm a 1990s and I live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were able to look for a change.
This is the course of 1995. Imagine if all these people who are ready to come out of a change, they had a cell in the ball.
Who on the present is a cell here?
Let's get it.
They get their mobile metaphors, ready.
Let me give you a British, a Boston, water.
It's a lot. Almost every today.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my cell and how I changed life.
I'm talking about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
You do it in a battle.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer in the summer of the United States, the University of the United States was made a direction.
The direction of data.
So this direction says that every single European company, every single Internet of the Internet of Europe -- has to take a lot of information of information from the use.
Who called who I call who I send a company to who I got to who you get to who you get to you.
Who sent him a text to who I sent to who I sent to you.
And if we use the cell where we are.
All of this information is allowed by at least six months, and to two years, in their phone company or their Internet product.
And in all Europe people went up and said, "We don't want this?
They said they didn't want this data.
We want the adventure in the digital and we don't want the phone and the Internet protections of the Internet, all this information about us.
There were a lot of dangers, personalized sea, all they said, "We don't want this?
And here you can see about 10 thousand people who came to the streets of Bangladesh and they said, "Listen, not too?
And some of them would even say this would be the United States.
The Stanford was the secret policy of Albert Alander.
And I also asked myself if this works really work.
Can you take all this information about us?
Every time you use the mobile."
So I asked my phone -- Dent Telescope, that I was the largest phone company of Australia, which please have all the information that you had about me.
I was asked once again, and I was going to ask them, and I didn't get a concern answer -- it was all blood, black.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are getting my life.
And so I decided to give you a special definition because I wanted to have this information.
But Dent Telescope said no, we're not going to give you this information.
At the end of the end, we got a agree right.
I was going to go back and they would send me the information that I asked you to ask you to do.
And as much as the Collision Congress French failed to the income for the law of the University of the U.S.
And so I got this phenomenon on man with a CO2 within a CO2.
And at the CO2 there was this.
Trillion and five thousand years of information.
At the beginning I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge antibiotic. Okay.
But after a time I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this child.
It was a little space, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I go, where I step on the night, what am I doing.
But then I said, I want this information to happen.
I want to make it public politics.
Because I want to show people what the data.
So next to Zealand Lego, and Darwin David, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can go out and say, go back and go back and go back.
You can see every step I do.
And you can see how I go from France in bring China, and with how often I call in the treatment here.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little bit.
But it's not just about me.
But of all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she called me a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they call them between them.
And then you call the other, and the other to the other, and we ended up with this big network of communities.
You can see how their people are communicate to know what time you call each other, what time will you do.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society.
If you have access to this information, you can control their society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iraq.
This is a model to study the form of your society, because you know who I talk to who you talk to who you have to take a company to who all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is approached at least six months in Europe.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all of these people in the streets of Bangalore, in the course of 1995, they had a cell in the ball.
And the Stanford would have known who in this room, and if I had been able to know who the leaders were -- this would never have happened.
The Earth of Bangladesh may never have happened.
And in fact, it's not the every of the Congo Congress.
Because today.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to take them up for it.
But the adventure and living in the digital was not a control.
But today you have to fight the antibiotics.
You have to fight for that.
When you go home to their friends that the practice is a value of the 20th century, and it's not going on in the way.
When you go home, you go to their recognize that just because the companies and the states are able to be able to be certain information -- they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, they care about their phone company, which information of you.
So in the future, every time they use their mobile mobile mobile people to remember that they have to fight the advantage in the digital time.
Thank you.
How Hans, what happened?
It's not enough.
How Hans, what happened?
I call myself Mars Mars and I'm not a ball, but I know the doctor I brought to the world.
I went to my mom six times in six different direction.
As a result, I have a brain particle, so it takes all the time.
Look at it.
It's a control. I'm like a management of Santa.
And Mars Allies.
The Person.
It's not color and it can not be done.
No one came up with my mother of my mother and I didn't meet it because my parents were presented because they are.
It just happens by actions, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I'm not going to get you, I don't want to be a sense of institutions.
It feels wrong for me, because at some point in life, they have been described.
Let's go from the country.
Self-escape of Nigeria, they're in the commercial center -- they get in the community in the search and what you see and what do you see.
16 places for destructions.
And you think, "God, I can be at least a little bit of a distance?
In addition to them, I tell you, I have 99 problems -- and it is just one of them.
There will be a law of the optimism, and I would take the media market.
I'm particular -- I am man, women, destruction and live in New Jewish.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Park California, in New Jewish.
I always loved that my box and my disease had the same.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York City.
A lot of people with brain particles don't walk up, but my parents don't believe in the country.
The way of my father was, "You can do it -- you can do it.
And if my three older beautiful bombs, I was finding.
And if my three older sister went to the public school, my parents were going to the school system, and they would make sure that I would also go outside -- and if we didn't get all the wrong night we all had to get my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years playing my tasks in their feet and just walking out.
Another team that I was used was to put a dollar in front of me so that I would get it.
The strategy that I took inside it was very strong and
Yeah. The first day in the barrier of the way I was walking a little bit of barrier that has got a lot of slides.
When I grew up, there were only six robots in my city and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 robots -- and they keep all of the family.  I think no one realized that we were not an instrument.
This was before 1860 and that the politicians would think of used to use "Mandelandering to the motors, as a piece of campaign.
The people who grew up they didn't have problems with my face.
It doesn't seem to be a lot to be able to do a lot that would die in the rationalism.
I told you that he had enough great enough to live three months without eating -- so I'll get from the adventure to the advantage of the advantage is very easy.
Bangladesh takes in Brooklyn.
Yes, in Brooklyn. It's color.  My parents could not pay the physical terrorist, so I was sent to school school.
I learned to choose with tanks, or it is that I can walk with transparency.
I am from New Japan, and there we want to be a girl -- so if my friends were used by the transparents, I too.
And when my friends were going to go on the video of the voice in the cost of Japan, I didn't go out.
I spent my journey in a war of war -- because my parents are going to be not going back to Palestinians every day, we would become Mars.
And I was in the vision of the summer often my father was trying to stay up, so I was able to go out of the street, and I was able to put it up in the street, and I put it up in the Mars Marin, and I remember that the water took me the eyes and I said, "What would it work?
But the microscope was the motor.
I have to say that it's a lot of carbon, but before I was doing it it was a standard of surface that I couldn't put out of the fish of the Person.
And now I can feel in the head.
My parents came up with this idea that I could do anything -- that no dream was impossible -- and my dream was to be in the Harvard hospital Highle Telescope.
I went to the university of the positive destruction, and I got a ball for the United States, University in the state of Arthur, because I went in all the colors.
It was kind of like the way that we have a show of the transparency.
They all loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least interviewers, I did the right news in my class and also in their class.
Every time I did a scene of the collapse of my teachers -- my teachers came out.
But I never got a paper.
And finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called very slow in Japan.
It's a little bit of a little girl with brain.
I was a little girl with brain.
So I started to choose the four voices, "The end will have a paper.
I have a brain particle.
At the end of the end, at the end.
Thank God, the end is a course?
I didn't get the paper --  -- they gave him to San Brown Brown.
I was going to try to go down to the direction of the transparency of transparent, which is going on, as if somebody had killed my room, to ask me why and she told me that because they thought it couldn't do the risk of risk surgery.
And I said, "I mean, if I can't make the risks of risk -- it can't be the personalize?
It was a paper for the one that literally had been born and they gave it to a little bit of brain.
The universe was losing my life.
home.
When I went back home, I went back home, and my first act would be like a stranger in a telephone.
My dream was actually made of it.
And I knew that it would be about "Many from "many farmer friends, in a sensory.
In change, I went out there as a Japan, I didn't look more than the note, and it was evidence for me that the risk direction didn't get analyzed and done, not white and disability.
They just put perfect people.
But there were examples to the rules.
I grew up looking at Washington Galaxy, Rome Bang, East, and all these women had one thing in common -- they were a compared.
And so I made me human me.
In my first standard I took family cameras from New York to New York to New Japan, and I would never forget the face of the first picture that I took when he was going to the head that I was going to high at the standard of New York with a company that had a brain that had a brain.
I worked in colleagues of all of the United States, and also in Arab in the Middle East and without color.
Some people say I'm the first metaphor in the Arab world.
I never like to play the first place, but I know that they never heard that little decade risk that says that women are not fun.
In 2009, my sister of another mother and father -- Daniel Obama, and I launched the Fermine of the New York City.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the American images in the media of the media and at the same time to remind them to the records of representation that support and Arab are not surprising.
It was a much more easy thing to fight against the challenge of the destruction of the distribution.
My great opportunity came in 200 percent.
I was as an invited to the news of news in the middle of the Rose Beijing before Kenya Boulder.
And I went to a grandmother of graph, and I went to a study and they sat on a study of robots.
I looked at the direction and I said, "Do you get another story?
She looked at me and said, "Lead, three, three, two, two.
And we were in life.
So I'm going to go to the stage of the price to not get out of the screen during the surface, and when I ended up the interview, I was published.
At the end of the end I had my opportunity and the distance. I knew they weren't going to come back to it.
But not only the Mr. San came back to invest, but I got as a part of the whole time and I put my street.
So something fun that I learned in the direction with Kenya Report was that people on the Internet are wrong.
It tells us that kids are criminals, but they never had a little bit of a little bit more.
All of a sudden, my distribution on the Internet became a basic object of the Internet.
I looked at it in line with colleagues like, "Why do you take it?
It's ready?
And my favorite family, and my favorite professor.
What do you do?
We should actually come up for it.
A control would have even been able to add my distribution to my charge, supporting, pressure, paradigm.
Depression is as visual as the right.
If somebody in the room is not able to do Bangladesh, then Bangladesh can't do someone in the robots.
The distances are -- yes, you know, man. We go.
We are the largest mission in the world, and the most amazing thing in the world of the entrepreneur.
The doctors said it wouldn't work, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown with the media media -- I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of the distribution in the media and in the middle of the collection.
Maybe if there were more positive images -- that would be less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we need the whole society to teach our children.
My own journey has taken me to very specific places.
I was going to walk through the red brain of the distance of the Texas South Stephen and the Collin Lab Arabic.
I was going to act in a movie with Albert San Alexander and working with my dollar, the incredible Darwin Darwinian Mars.
And I remember the world saying "The Arab has become completely?
I was defined in the resource of the great state of New York at the center of the 20th century.
And I was found "The Mars of Mars, a biological organization to give the kids a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me to act in life, and I gave this talk to your memory to your memory to it.
He passed in peace parks.
I call my Mars Mars, and if I can also be able to do it.
I would like to tell you a story about a little bit of a small planet.
I don't know his name, but I know your story.
It lives in a little village to the South Street.
This village is near Mars.
And the secret is to put it into the poverty to the poverty and the edge of the intelligence.
No one for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mars, the capital of South South.
When it comes there, there is no opportunities -- there is no work, no future personalities.
He was just living in the city in the city of Mars.
After maybe a year ago, nothing.
One day is about one day that will give you to take it to help you take it up, then to go on, to go out.
It knows a group of people, which gives him a design.
I got a little bit of money so that you buy new mountain, money to send home.
They present a young one.
It finally goes home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life.
A beautiful day in Mars, under a blue sky.
That little child of that little village with the dreams of the great quality was the surface terrorist, and that medical group of people were to Santa, an architectural organization with the San And I considered.
So how do the story of a little girl try to get their dreams in the city end with him in the city in the city.
He was waiting for.
I was waiting for an opportunity -- waiting to start their future, waiting for a future, and this was the first thing that I got it.
This was the first thing that I came out of what we call the personal personality.
And their story is represented in urban centers around the world.
This is the story of the markets, young subjects that are destroyed in Japanese, destroyed distances in London -- which look for something else from the search of the species.
For young people, the price of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity of work, and the young people don't pay in the average of their cities.
It often is the advantage of the most high things that are supposed to do.
For 2010, three of every five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities -- if we don't give them opportunities -- the history of the "The Sea detail, the rate of access to terrorism, to violence -- to the papers, to be the story.
And in my city, Mars, 70 percent of the young people is definitely.
70 percent work not to school.
They do not make anything.
I went back to Mars last month -- and I went to visit the Harvard hospital.
I remember to be in that hospital accepted to you thinking, and if I would never have it?
And if I had seen to be in that same section of specialist?
I would have become the terrorist?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Mars that month was actually to go to a few blood leaders in a completely complicated brain.
It goes back to about 80 social leaders here.
We sat and we had an idea of ideas about the solutions to the great challenges that will face the city.
One of the young people in the room was Arabic.
He went to the University of Mars, and he was gradually.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, because it was a graduate universe, supposed, it was the perfect white white for the San and South And other traditional organizations to be recorded.
They look at people like it.
But this story takes a different way.
In Mars, the biggest thing to get from the point to the Bill is the streets are the street.
Virtual war years of civil war have shown completely the real system, and a model can be the most easy way to move in.
And you see an opportunity and the supply.
It started a complexity company.
It started moving models to local resources who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 mountains, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some time to explain hundreds of cars for the next three years.
Why is this different.
What does this story do?
I think their ability to identify and take a new opportunity.
It is the completely complicated space, and I think that the completely powerful tool can be the most powerful tool against the search of the species.
It takes young people to be the companies of economic opportunities that are looking for so definitely.
And you can go to the young people to be embarrassed.
I want to talk to you about a young man who came to one of my records, March Mars, a force.
I was helping to go to some of the young people in the heart of the business and how it will be innovation and how to create a culture of the complex influence.
In fact, this is the first force that Mars has seen in over 24 years ago, and so far, until Mars came out, if you wanted forces to be fortunately, we used to get out of a planet from the extraordinary.
If you asked somebody who was the last time you see front flowers.
For those who grew up during the civil war -- the answer would be, "No.
So March saw an opportunity.
It started a computer company and design design.
I created a father in the outside of Mars, and he started to grow the professors and liberations, that he said, could they survive the distance of Mars.
And he started the flowers of flowers for all of us to create the houses in the house, and the companies of the city, and now it's working on the creation of the first public part of Mars in 24 years.
There are no public parts in Mars.
It wants to create a space where the families are, the young people, you can go together, and as he says, it will go up to the professional robots.
By the way, he doesn't grow roles because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to introduce young people, and in that room, the price of Mars had a really profound impact in the young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought to work for a Nigeria, working for the government, but their story, their innovation really had a strong impact about them.
I put them to look at your city as a place of opportunity.
And I put them to believe that they could be companies, that could be an article of change.
For the end of the day, they had innovation solutions for some of the biggest challenges that face the city.
They did social solutions for local problems.
So inspired the young people and create a culture of complex space is really a great step -- but the young people need to make their ideas.
They need experience.
They connect the young people with the resources that you need to do, the support that they need to move from the connection to the creation to create creation, and they will create carbon for the urban growth.
For me, the business space is something more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mexico is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
And the park of Peace, this is how I call it, when it's created when it's created the way people see their city.
And you get kids on the street to help you go up and keep the models for him.
I gave you the opportunity to go out of the particular particular property.
These young companies are having an impact in their cities.
So my software is, they get to the young people in companies -- and they feed and they feed their individual innovation and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks that are born and "The Person of the specialist.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to my dad in the March Mountains, an area of the state of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The foundation of the controlled forest.
The sun was made that the leaves were going to be a violence, and it's not going to be the way that we know, we almost could be able to be the first human beings in taking that Earth.
We got to our behavior.
It was a control in a list with a beautiful language in a beautiful carbon when I discovered something honest.
Before I had a card, there was a balloon of about four feet a little bit of man who were put out of parallel paper balls of paper paper and addiction off.
And I was additionally, and I was very excited and incredibly concerned.
The companies that were too likely to do what they had brought out, who thought it was going to clean their banker?
That question came with me, and it was just a little bit.
Who clean our banker?
No matter how they organize or where you put the one, who was out of our bank in Stephen?
Who clean our based on Rome or in Parkinson's or in London."
So here in New York City.
I wanted to know it as individuals as individuals ...
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What is it going to be used to use the university and take that career?
So I started a research project with them.
I travel in the families and walk for their trials and I went to people in office and institutions in the whole city, and I learned a lot -- but it was still an interview.
I needed to get more.
So I began to work as a bit of bank.
Now I didn't just work in the trucks -- I got them up.
And I was going to go up to the mental structures and the bank of the newspaper.
It was a private news and an amazing learning.
You all ask about the play.
It is there, but it's not as likely to believe -- and in the days that it is very strong for you to be very quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to the floor.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies are going to be able to take on the weight of taking about their body takes every week.
It's also the danger.
All right.
You're going out and go into the traffic every day and they go through your around.
They just want to go on, so in general the company is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the work.
And as well.
I also learned about how much it looks like.
When you go out of the middle and you see a city from the part of the way, you can understand that the basis is like a force of nature in it.
I never stop coming back.
It's also like a form of research or civilization.
It must always be in movement.
And it's also the stage.
It seems to me that the state is especially an anti-supported because I think that the resources of the resources are the most important way in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They are the first public health.
If you don't get rid of the depressions and effective every day, this starts to stop their consequences and their increasingly angry grandchildren are going into very real ways.
So diseases that we had control by decades and century are going to go and start to give them to us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get away from the old we don't have a space for how new the economy is.
I'm not going to make the capital, just the religion of the capital.
And then there is what I call our own average speed definition.
And with it just to the speed of the speed that we used to move in the time.
We usually don't worry about us, we don't recognize or take it out of us or we took us with us our card of career, our barrier of the sandwich, our water balloon.
We use them, we took them up, we get out of them, because we know that there's a work of work on the other side of the other side of it.
So today I want to give you a couple of ways of thinking about the resources of resources that maybe help us reduce the state and put it into that conversation about how to design a supporting and human city.
His work, I think, is almost light.
They are in the street every day, in the way.
They use a lot of cities.
You know when you get to them.
And their work allows us to do our us.
They're almost a form of authority.
The flow that keep us to get out of ourselves of ourselves, of our own decades, and that flow always has to keep in a form or another.
One day after one day after 11 percent of the United States, I heard the group of a record in the street.
And I tried to thank you for doing his work that day in particular, but I started to go.
And I looked at me and just like it, and he said, "We are going to be good.
We're going to be good.
A little bit after that I started to invent the resources and I went back to that man.
It's called Pakistan, we work together a lot of times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be good.
But in our effort to recognize the way we exist on this planet as a species we need to include and have in account all the cost -- even the human cost of the work of the work.
And the material resources, what we think about when we talk about bank, they represent three percent of the amount of resistance of the nation of the nation of it.
This is a remarkable news.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next thing you see to someone who work is to clean the basis of you, you take a moment to get them.
It takes a moment to tell you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking in our community life in a part of the environment where the architecture is born from the conditions and local transformations.
Today, I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
And both of these projects are used in environmental countries -- one in Europe and the other in Tim.
And they also share the fact that the different people from different perspective from different people become a essential part of the end of architecture at all.
The first example started with an investment to design a commercial center of a lot of stress in the capital of Earth, Alexander Audience.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design with.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out?
After looking at some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to go in.
In first, these buildings are almost empty because they have very big ones where people can't give the light to buy things.
You know, you need to be a lot of energy because it is a lot of energy with creativity in the bottom -- so it is a lot of fundamental.
In a city where this should not happen because this is about a smart cell that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the year.
And in third place, your life has nothing to do with Africa or Elevans.
It's a little bit about a place that is so rich in culture and transformations.
In our first visit to Europe, he was really changed with the old market that is this structure in the air where thousands of people, go and buy things all the days to small search.
There is also that idea of using public space to make an extraordinary activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design -- not a commercial center in the way.
But the question was how to build a modern model in a lot of strangers, and they are going to apply these beginning.
And the next challenge was present when you put up the site of a lot of a lot of growth in the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the picture, they don't exist.
And it is all between two paper streets that don't communicate in a hundreds of hundred feet of me.
So the first thing that we did was to create a connection between these two streets -- taking all of the energy in the building.
And this has been successful with an income that creates a space to the air in the building that is advanced, because of their own shape and the room.
And around this space we have applied the idea of the market with small business, which changes in each floor because of the space.
I also thought, how do you close the building.
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to the local climate conditions.
And I went to think about a similar tissue to a search of the helicopters to allow the air of the air -- and also in the light, but in a financial way.
And then we were inspired in these beautiful boats of the stages of the stages.
They have the properties of the French general and this helps me to move the dance.
We are building that with these small pieces that are the voices that are going to go through the air and the light in a way in a way in a way in a way in a way in a way in the bottom of the building.
And this is completely with these little creatures of color that use the light of the building in the building for the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince the development because they thought, "That's not a common center -- it wasn't what we asked?
But we all realized that this idea of the market was that this idea of the market was to be a lot more likely than the common center because at the end of the fact that there were more local to see.
And then the idea of the dance was a lot more economic -- not only because of the material in compared to the video, but also because it was no longer need to have an air access.
And so we get certain together in the process that we use to increase the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy of energy for the building in a city in which electricity is cut up almost every day.
So we got a great advantage by taking pictures on the ground.
And then under those particles we think about the ground as a new public space with areas of meeting and barriers that would create this urban organization.
And these polls in the room, which are in a set of water for the series of the inside of the world.
It's hope for the next year, because we go through the foot of the building.
The second example.
And to make a big project as big as the biggest thing that I have designed -- I needed not just to understand the city of Turkey, but also to their environment and the culture.
So during that audience I put an attention in the middle of the middle -- a 1,000 years of anticipation that was running by a wall with a wall with a wall with a wall of access to all of them.
When I went to the place, the first design of design that we did was to take the street streets -- creating 12 dollars in size and care to the ones that there are in Bangladesh and other cities in Europe with these experiments.
And in addition to that, we looked at a few electrical points in relationship to the idea of the idea of the interviewers with the right lines -- and this makes the right model.
And the last choice was to think about the cell -- the little cell of the project -- like the application, as a essential part of the market plan.
I thought, what would be the best organization for a capital in the media climate?
And it's normal, because it creates a tremendous difference between both side of the house and so a nature.
So we put a situation that makes sure that most of them are perfectly proud in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European business and the Arab city.
It has these banks with parasites, and then in the low plant we have all the conditions for penguins.
And it also turns out the local rules that are going to be a higher density in the top levels and a less definition on the low planet.
And it also turns out this idea of the door as well.
The room, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like going back to the community of the space of the building.
It's where all of the neighbors -- you can go out and survive, and make things like to run a couple of two miles a morning, or to get out of a building to another.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they are in environmental countries, where you can see cities literally growing up.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in the life of people change the communities and the local economy that they grow the building.
So for this reason, I see even more important to look at the architecture looking for simple solutions -- but activity, that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and the environment and the environment and the environment and the environment.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new little girl was going to our class -- it was so remarkable as you see all the new children.
I had a lot of a lot of black weight and a little piece of pills, and it was sure that it was so strong for the capital of the states -- very good for organization.
I ended up that year, and I was full of classrooms, until I brought my own plan.
One day I took a time after the school of school. It was a little bit later, and I put it on the base of the children.
When the cost was drawing, it goes out in the room, I took from the table of my market the book.
And then I did.
I went up with the cartoons of my limitation, just a little bit like that.
All of them like that.  And I was willing to play the book at the box, but to see, some of my other companies had very good news as well.
So in a friends, I cut the news around the world, without any image.
I put up all of them and to myself in the same time, just to be there, because I could be there, because I could be.
I still feel what I did.
I don't understand how the idea.
I didn't understand why I felt good about it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never got me.
It was that everything was definitely.
They never found me.
But about all of the reason about the reason that I found that this line, so small, it was so good for organization.
I was inspired by the chairs.
They're so musical and so particularly.
We know that babies get out of classrooms.
And also the primary pieces are very likely to be very quickly.
We know that the cells are the number one number of colleagues in the U.S.
And yet, I have never seen a study that makes the silence, or the long distance or the transparency.
And so you have to go to the food, because the levels are like the lab in which they were studying them in all of their own ways.
In fact, I don't know if it is a distance to say that if there was no chairs, he would have just been limitation.
Well, there would not be Hollywood information -- no "man?
There would be no close record, not "the 100 and a night?
There would be no Stanford.
They were going to do the leaders of the high school, because we would be losing "The Rome and the Fortune, there would be no "Geographic, no "Geographic?
No charges, there is no Prince. I know that it is in a way to say that it has the answer for all, and in how to the classrooms, it almost has all of them.
This year is going to be 100 years from his work that would be looking for the losser study, the most successful study of the sexual cars, and also from the order of the order -- I mean, everything we could have.  And thinking about Prince, we have the sense of sense, right?
So we think of a child trying to take the dream to the dream of it.
So we think of a lot of hardware in your slide.
We forget about how hard that image.
We forget what it is.
I mean, this is about books that Virgin World said were so hard as a galaxy transportation.
I don't know how it is the galaxy transport, but we know it's supposed to be supposed to be sure.
Let's see why they go so good together, the newspaper and the classrooms, the classrooms and Print.
It's going to be very obvious as the classrooms, that you get up to the person -- to their designers, to their impacts, are a nice normal basis well.
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone when we think about what happens when we feel closes.
So when we feel like the streets, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel wrong.
It's going to be the nation and the audience -- we know exactly what they are going to do, to raise the charge, right?
We do all of us do all of us and that is something that I tried to understand.
All of what she does to be able to be able to be able to put it to another one, maybe right now?
And it starts to tell themselves that story, and since then, I said that every single line that San Stand defense in their love, it gives it to their collection of training institutions in their private camera in their private camera in their private camera in their private camera in their private camera camera in their private camera.
You have to admit that San and Program, they were just closed.
You know, you have to have to leave the country, if you wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so clear to recognize that it's a hard job. Right?
The chairs are a decline.
This is a huge emotional emotional one.
And what are the classrooms?
The cells are built from information.
The charges use the devices.
They like the ones like the great amount of black weight and the letter and a little bit of pills.
The cells are coming out of the pictures of them.
This is why Iran is so successful --  -- I was presented with the language of the cards in the chairs.
When somebody is in their street statement, suddenly I heard behind the door and the search to the series of their love, then I understand those behavior.
He says, "You know, I know you think this is reported, but it's not different.
He says, are scientific research.
I was trying to show that the streets are looking at us and they make us look like this, but in their mind, they are search for the truth of the truth.
The pain, the person, the press, these were the ones on the pressure of Prince.
He says, "You know, a woman who we need -- that makes us support us a lot of a much more profound and more profound and a man who is a man who can be interested.
It's telling us that we're going to look for women criminal?
No. I think it's trying to tell us that the streets are going to get us to ourselves.
And there is some other emotions that makes us open up this way so particular?
There is some other emotions to us of our action, our activity and our right?
Some other emotions that taught us to look at a sense of self-interesting as straight?
Franciscophary was going to write about this.
One day, Frank was seen by a very remarkable young man who is connected with the idea that his woman would get it.
And Frank says that there was something wrong in that man, which didn't look at what their wife was done.
Well, she was increasing. Everybody knew it.
The poor creativity was low without any career.
But he looked at things that he did their wife -- without giving you the investment behavior.
Is it going to be a sense of a shoulder.
Front said that the man was becoming the content of their wife.
The levels are very good at this.
The rules describe very well how the cells are going to look at interviewer but without presentation.
In fact, the more we are, the more we are, we become responsible for the fantastic.
And by this reason, I think, the streets are going to make us to make violence or individuals.
And the cells are going to share us in a completely unintended way.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight years -- I remember it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A woman from 18 years of age was able to have created a fantastic account in Facebook from the ones that had been sent memories, house to themselves.
For a year. A whole year.
She was trying to put up to the new notion of his neighborhood stranger -- I have to convince you that when or this, it was actually related to advantage.
Because we will be real.
So what a huge thing, even though they created, creative. Right?
It's kind of a line.
And as a piece of Park Park Park.
Harrie is one of my favorites.
She is a very strange person in the American level.
This is the author of "The "Trains in a Transition, and the Taliban Steve. They have books that are trying to try to do how the chairs, and once we are in the species, and once we are in the specialist, the memory that you can get out of what it might be, it can be based on a institution.
Let's take Tom Darwin, their most famous person.
Tom Taigan is going to want or want what you have to get out of your being and despite what you ever had -- and it is under the floor. It takes your name -- it takes your night, you take your barriers, you get your barriers down.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Rome Rome Rome.
I can't give you all the world, as well as sometimes I wanted to want it.
It's a little silk, because we live in the time.
We live in the time.
That is, we are good citizens of social networks where the condition is the understanding? Right?
The novels show us the sales? I'm not sure that.
So we're going to do what the characters are always doing when they're not safe when they are in a microscope.
Let's go to the Bear of Bangladesh Steven and we asked by Steven Harvard.
When people think about Harvard, you think about the carbon completely in the March Michael -- that critical one.
But I've always been able to be able to start in the Sea Labora, the fire face of San Stanford that needs Harvard definition, you need the German generation of Harvard, but I read it.
Oh, it sounds so familiar to me.
Let me need your help.
But as they work together, something starts to change -- and finally in the Alabama of the six Louisponians, once Harvard goes into all of their solution.
We're proud of you.
And it tells him that there is no person in South Angeles that I didn't want to get your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Harriet transportation in history. I think this is a very exciting thing -- that stage is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a general problem, without emotions without it.
You know, in a Milk minute is the opposite of League.
At the next minute.
All of a sudden, Leonardo is allowed to add that idea of being him the result.
It could still be so simple.
What happens if the streets are really a lot of general, just a question of where we allow us to be in relationship with the other.
Well, maybe we don't have to get out of the existence of the other.
We can stay with it.
But I like the plants of control.
So as we hope that that happened, we remember that we have the food to make it together.
Just the financial financial films.
The food used to the distances, the invited to the table.
And you look at what it is, the Stanford Lego, the Alexander Talibania, the London San Stanford, the same March Program.
We are in a huge company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
The 21 percent of 1960 1990s, Barry Alando came out of the name of the Stanford 18th and discovered about the sea of the Taliban.
Antarctica and Albanian were only only only in the big surface of the subject that was the culture of a collective collective process.
The Alabama program was the biggest movement in the history of the U.S. history.
So to get to the Montan, the NASA spend about 180 billion dollars today -- or four percent of the social budget today.
The Alamba was working at about 400 people and I asked the collection of 20 companies and college and graduates of the government.
They died people, including the Transition of the Air one.
But before the Alamba programming finally, 24 men went to the Monges.
You walk on the surface of the surface of which Alexander after the death of Art dead last year, is now the most old one.
So why would they do?
They didn't make a lot of beautiful, 180 miles of old robots, and something that the 25 percent of the sea is a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why would they do? The quantum answer is that they were because the name of Kenya, I wanted to show the solutions, that this nation had better boxes.
But the own words of Kenya at the University of Red in 1998, give us a better idea.
John Founth.
Why would we turn it into our objection?
And you could also ask, why would you tell the more high, right?
About 35 years ago, why would you fly about Africa.
Why do you play Richard Research."
We choose to go to the Mongey.
We choose to go to the Mongey.
We choose to go to the name in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple but because they're hard.
Jersey Portugally, for the control, the Australia was not just a visit of the Obama on the World War in the Africa.
In the time, the most strong information was to wonderful to the transparency of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing.
The law in the name was going on in a context of a long list of technology.
The first half of the 20th century would produce the line of transparency and animation, and the vaccine and the value for transparency.
In half of the 20th century, you put the police and you choose the virus.
The technology seems to be able to put what Albert Taigan is called "The Allen "Street, "States "Supermarket, "Stepper "Street.
For most of the history of human history -- we could not go faster than a bank, or a band with it, but in 2004.
Since 1998, no human being back to the Mongey.
No one has gone faster than the U.S. 10th and the optimism of the power about the power of technology has gone to see that problems that we imagine that technology will solve as to go to Mars -- to create a clean energy -- to make a free energy -- or feed the world population seem to have interested in the world.
I remember to see the September of the 18th 18.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that you don't look at the stage of school called from the San Valley Vietnam.
I knew that this would be the last mission -- but I was completely sure that I was going to see the colleagues in Mars.
So that's what happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We see it all the time.
We've heard that for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologies have shown us, and they were coming up with transparent players, things like iPhones, applications and social networks that are going to go up with the self-interested voice.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have engaged and continues our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems.
What happened?
There is a professional explain in Santa Vietnam, which has been created that they have created less companies than those of you in the years that they were going to be forgetting interest, Michael and George.
San Virgin says that the markets are the colleagues, in context, the institutions that the risk bacteria are going to get to the companies.
San Virgin says that the risk of risk has been able to change the creation of traditional ideas by the end of incredible problems.
But I don't think this explain is good enough.
And I explain more what it goes wrong in Santa Vietnam.
Even when the risks of risk were in their favorite point without worry about the risk of the risk -- you get small investments, investigating microscopes that they could go out in 10 years.
Chinese has always had problems to invest in technology in technologies as energy -- which need a huge capital and what development is a lot of paradigm. They have never been involved in the developing development of technologies to solve big problems because they don't have a complete common value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deep people.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
The NASA has even designed a plan.
But to go to Mars would get a political decision that was popular -- and that will never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do in Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because the political systems.
Today, less than two percent of the world of energy of energy of energy of energy energy as the solar -- the choice and the biologists of the two percent, and the reason is completely economic -- and the reason is completely economy.
The carbon and the natural gas are higher than the solar energy and the oil and the oil is more likely than the biologist.
We want some alternative energy of alternative energy that you can be able to do is not exist.
Now, the technologies and the economists and the economists are agree about what political and international trying to increase the development of an alternative energy -- a lot of meaning in the research and development of energy.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy of the United States or the international treat that you get to do that question.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, it turns out not to be.
We know from a time ago that the men are result in the food of food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that the men are political crisis that affect the food.
The technology can improve things like the colleagues or the systems for the analysis and representative of food, but there will be man while there are bad government.
And finally, the big problems sometimes make a solution because we don't understand the problem.
The name of Nigeria is going to tell the war to cancer, but soon we found that there are a lot of cancer -- some of the things that are constantly resistant to the treatment -- and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found economic treatment and virus.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we know, but these four elements have been present -- the political leaders and the population have to want to solve the problem, the institutions have to support the solution -- it must be really about a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Alabama mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems.
But it is a remarkable model in the future.
We're not in 1975.
There is no complete compassion as in the World War -- there is not a policy like John Kenya, which is going to be the hard and the dangerous thing, and there is not a popular microscope of science science as the solar system.
In general, go to the guy turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, it wasn't even using any problem.
We are only in our present and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get to get to get up.
God.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about the trust -- and I'm going to start by telling you the ideas that are getting on the trust of the trust of the trust of the trust of the trust of the conference of the conference of the conference of the conference of the conference of the conference of the conference of the conference of the conference of it.
They're so common that they have become a climate of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a record, there has been a great amount of conflict, and it's a very religious thing.
The second is an object -- we should have more confidence.
And the third is a task, and we should be able to get the trust to the way.
And I think that the really computer, the goal and the task has been wrong in it.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a religion, an object and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea on the issue.
First of all, why do people think that trust has disappeared?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence -- I don't know the answer.
I want to think that it can have done in some activity or institutions and that could have gone into others.
I don't have of course.
But I can turn to the contents of view, and the contents of office are just the source of the believe that the trust has gone out.
When you look at the contents of office over time, there are not many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were discovered about 20 years ago, early and political and political and political and political and the same.
And the people who were very connected about 20 years ago, they still have been a lot of conflict, you know, the weapons.
The rest of us are in the middle -- and by the way, the average city of the street is almost half about half of the way.
But this is the evidence of it?
What you have to be able to come up with is, of course, optimism.
What else can you record?
What they look at is the genetic action that people are doing when they ask a certain questions.
Connection in the policy.
Now, if somebody would ask you to ask you, "Hey in the versions?
Conferences in the pieces?
Conferences of private progress?
You probably start to ask, "What do you do what?
And that would be a very amazing answer.
And you could say, when you have your question, "Well, I think in some of them, but in other notes?
What it's really relatively.
In device, in real life, we tend to develop the trust in a different way.
We don't know that the level of trust that we are going to feel like a kind of option of office -- force or kind of people, is going to be used in all the case.
I could say, for example, to say that I think about a certain show of practice that I know to give the kind of leadership, but in any way to drive the strategy in the scale of it.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good computer.
I could trust my friend more crazy to keep a conversation -- but no, maybe to get a secret to get a secret to it.
simple.
And if we have to get those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is difficult, why are we going to leave all that knowledge when we think about the trust in a more approaching way in a more approaching way in a more approaching way in a more approaching way in a more approaching way in a more approaching way in a more approaching way in
And I think the ones are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust because they try to open the good particular player to the fact that you can think of something or in somebody else.
Secondly, what happens with the objection?
The goal is to have more conference to have more trust it.
Frankly, I think this is a kind of statistical goal to do.
This is not the goal that I would be.
I would start to have more trust in what it is made of trust -- but not what it is.
So I am part of not trust what it's not connected.
And I think that those people who were developed in the very right with the very right called Steve. Market, which I then did with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too much.
It will have more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Connection destruction or negative with intelligence -- that's the right thing.
Once you say, you know, you say, yeah, it means that what matters in the first place is not the trust -- but the conflict.
So what it's about is to make a game about how trust people are in the way that people are going to do it.
And I think that to be able to make a paradox, we are forced to focus on three things.
Are they comparison? Are you honorers? Are you responsible?
And if we find that one person is compared in the personal materials and it's responsible and honesty, then we will have a very good reason to trust it in it, because it's going to be made of conflict.
But if you are not responsible for it, they are not responsible for them.
I have friends that are compassion and honors, but I don't trust them to take a close to the way, because they're forced.
I have friends that are very sure that you can do certain things, but I see that they have their own compassion of them.
And I get a lot to say that I don't think I have a lot of friends that are going to be compassion and responsible but extremely strange.
If it is, I still don't have any personality.
But that's what we're looking at.
The trust is the answer.
The conference is what we have to do.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decade, we have tried to build systems of resistance systems for all kinds of institutions -- professionals, forces and others, which would make us easier the trying to raise their conflict.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work.
I remember once I was talking to a part and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the artificial paper that will be able to get the part of the particular.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, which is the statistical system that you have to do is not have to make the trust and the conflicts of conflict, actually is doing the opposite of the opposite of it.
What they do is to do the work of people who have to make hard task -- like the parts of the particles, and you can tell you that they save the classrooms?
You know that you all know similar examples of it.
All of that, all of that, for the object.
I think the goal should be more connected -- and that things would be different if we try to be deceptions of trust and we're going to bring people to the people that we are connected and if we try to determine if other people or political or political or politics are a lot of conflict.
It's not easy -- it's the particular, the simple action.
In third place, the task.
It will be able to be able to bring the conflict, I put things into the back.
It suggests that you and I should be able to turn the trust to me.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can get a little bit of conflict.
We can do it if they are two people, together, trying to improve the trust of the trust of it.
But the trust is, it's fun because we have the other people.
You can't recognize what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough enough so they can trust you.
You have to be made of trust to you.
And that, of course, is because you can't address it, because of all the people, all the time.
But you also have to make a lot of some of you who are made of conflict.
How do you do it?
That makes a day, everywhere. It makes the common people, the forces, the institutions, very effective -- very effective ...
I'll give you a simple example.
The fear where I bought my colleagues that I can tell you that I can give you a little bit of explanations.
I put them up and give me the money, or they have to change them for the color that I want.
That is supposed. I think of them because they were because they were going into me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you go back to the other part of the other part of the other hand, that's a very good test that you are made of trust and you have trust in what you're doing.
So, at the end, I think what we're starting is not a very difficult thing to do.
What people trust is in the relationships -- and in that way, you can determine when and how the other person is made of confidence.
Thank you.
From the companies of the computers we've been able to reduce the situation between us and the digital information between our material world and the world of the screen where the image can be defined.
This support has been going to be recording, and more and more, as much as one of them in the day is less than one me, the species of a terrible screen -- and the power of information has become access to all.
But I said, and if there were no banks?
I started to imagine how it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into the digital space, so that when the force goes up against the screen.
The designers can make their ideas directly at 3D and the surgeons can predict with virtual areas under the screen.
So with this tool you get the banks.
But the two hands.
How do you get into the inside and interact with digital information using all of the statements of the hands.
In the distribution of Michael Princes of Michael -- along with my mind Carl Bangladesh, the computer and brought a little space on the terrorist in a digital area of work.
It will be able to be able to deal with a transformation of a profound cameras to detect the legs and the face, now you can raise the hands of the terrorist, to get at the inside of the 3D space, and to bring them directly with the hands.
As the voices and the children have a policy in the real space, send them is as easy as to bring a book of a room.
You can put the book and support lines or the words with the virtual television that there are down in the face of every single forest.
And the architecture can be able to go out or cut their materials directly with their hands.
In these examples we were in the digital world.
And if we put the paper and make the digital information come into us?
Sure, many of us will have bought and define things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in the head.
If we take this little idea, I thought, instead of just looking at the space in space, how can we make the physics so that we can put them and feel it?
How would it be a future like this?
In the middle of MIT with my Tesla Hollywood House and my collection Revolution Project, we created this only physical perspective.
So this economic environment is made as a picture at 3D in space, which means that so much the computer can move the object to any place within this little traditional space.
So what we did is, what we did was play the graph and control the movement by the movement of a market community, which is mechanical and definition.
And when you program the object the object -- we read it from the resources of time and space, which means that human movements can go back and go back and get to get in the physical world.
And you can teach them too much and the famous and the famous taken from Michael John can be able to make a physical reality as a physical reality that we want.
The students can use it as a tool to understand complicated constructions like the movement of planets -- the physics -- and unlike the motivations or the text books -- this is an actual experience that you can play and feel that you can play and feel that it's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our own physical activity.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show us something but to begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world that we have to do with us that we have to deal from our world.
We started the talk to you today talking about a bank, but if we go up that bank, the only light that is going to be our picture.
Thank you.
And I was brought to turn to become grandmothers for two years in Human, China.
When I was in the first grandmother, the government wanted to bring to a school for all of the passionate steps.
But my mother said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineering -- like them.
And after survive the culture of the culture, they create the way that there was only a central way to the happiness -- a safe work and good work.
No matter whether the work would like it or not.
But my dream was to be a picture of China.
So this was me, in my mind.
A piece of fish has to start to go out from very young people to learn the actions, so I tried everything I could to go to school school.
So until I wrote to the direction of school and the price of a radio program.
But none of them would get the idea.
No adults took me in serious me.
I just my friends were going to me, but they were kids -- but it was a kids, like me.
So at the age of 15 years old, I knew that it was too much more to go in.
My dream would never be done.
The rest of my life in my life.
And this was so unique.
So I turned out to look for another vaccine.
No one to my around wanted to teach me, OK.
I remember the books.
"Can you save "computing "The States Council -- "The High High, from Nature Harvard, I got to the United States.
The ones who were involved in China, of course.
The Google Earth is about the Chinese camera about.
And it's not presented to be considered.
The Bill is interesting, but extraordinary.
That's a subject for another day.
But the question for me was a reproduction, "He was a religion, "He was a particular personality.
"Hello, I said, "It's so different, and much better than they go?
So it became my tool to get out of this collapse of color and to reduce the relationship with my parents with my parents with me.
I find it with a new culture as well.
It was a lot of personalities.
For example, this map was going to me, because this is what the students in China learned in China.
I had never happened that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map means the perspective of people.
It's not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the African world.
There are up to the research of research of research and communication religion.
And they will share and control, it comes to the actions a more profound understanding of a issue.
And I thought that if the compassion was working to figure out why not to do it also in the collectively correctly?
So I began to read books of two.
You can try from people from Palmon France, from Washington College, "We have David Allies, from David Mars who were involved in a same light, or friends with shared experience.
For the crisis -- the issues are economic and political and specialists.
For the Bang, they are all phones, and the subject and the social -- the interest.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read their favorite books in two language.
(Audience for California Thomas, Thomas Marshall Mars, Alexander Bangladesh instead of being able to lose in the transparent, found you can make a lot of it.
For example, that's through the transition that I realized that "Abox, in China literally means "complexity, "Well, John."
And "Noboly, in China, literally means "New Monterey, OK.
The books opened me up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the price of the past.
I know I'm not going to feel just to feel like it is not going to feel about it.
It will have a design dream that is really not compared to what many other people have happened.
I have come to believe that the reaction is not the only purpose of a dream of a dream of a dream of a dream of a dream of a dream of a dream of it.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that they come from the dreams of where the passion comes from.
To a dream I can do that for you.
And it's thank you to the books, which I'm here today is happy to live again and close, most of the time.
So the books always do it.
Thank you.
Thank you.
When I was in my 20, I saw my first kind of professional climate.
I was a distributed student in the clinical public in Berkeles.
She was a 22 years ago called Alaska.
And I went into the first situation by using vaccines and a story the surgery of my office -- he was taken on my office and told me I wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so slice.
My head of class had a little bit like the first one.
And I took a version that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could get it.
But I didn't do that.
With the stories that Alaska went to the series, it made me easy to just move the head as that we were going to take the solution.
"The transparency is the new vessels, he said Alexander, and so I saw she was right.
You start to work after later, he has children later, to the death as long as the death happened.
For vents like Alaska and I had been time of it.
But a little bit later, my support was worried to prevent Alexander to talk about their love life.
And I was turned out.
I said, "Oh, it's going on with guys under their career, and you have a heart head -- but it's not as if I went to get them.
And then my surface said, "It said, "No, but maybe it goes home with the next time.
In addition to the best time to work in the map of Alaska is before you carry?
This is what the politicians call a time "Indian."
It was when I realized that the 30 percent is not the new percent.
Yes, people feel head after what it was used -- but this didn't make the 20 percent of Alexander were a country in their developing world.
This made the 20 percent of Alexander were the perfect moment and we were doing it.
And so I realized that this kind of black business was a real problem, and he had real consequences -- not just for Alaska and their love life, but for the careers, the families and the future future of everybody else.
There are 50 million times in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population or 100 percent if you think no one comes to the atmosphere without going to happen before.
Let me take you your hand if you're in their two.
I want to see the vents here.
Oh, yeah, they're amazing.
If you work with values, they love a volume, you take the dream on a volume, I want to see. It's good.
This is not just my office. These are the facts of them.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go to the age of 35 years.
This means that eight in every 10 decisions and experiences and the experiences -- which gives you their life to have happened for the time they have 30 and so on.
People in more than 40 people are not going to be in the paradox.
This public is going to be well, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an extraordinary impact about the amount of money that they will do.
We know that more than half the Americans are capital, they live or are coming out with their future for 30 years.
We know that the brain ended up in the second and last growth of growth in their 20 and it turns out to the adult, which means that if there is something that you want to change of itself, now it's the moment to change it.
We know that the person changes more times during their 20 than in any other time of life, and we know that the physical factory comes to the 21st on the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of 35 percent.
The 20 are the time to explain about their body and their choice.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are key for language and support in the brain.
It's a moment in which their life and common has an impact in the person who will become it.
But what we don't listen to is that there is something called an adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in the adult developing world.
But this is not what the vents are listening to.
The people talk about changes in the time of the advantage of the advantage.
The researchers call the 20 percent.
The personalities are accurately able to tell the vents like "The "Arabic and "The "Man: "Many.
It's true.
As a culture -- we have considered a transparency that actually is the decade that I decided to do.
Leonardo Brown said that to make big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not right?
What do you think happens when they give you a professor in the head and they say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
It doesn't happen.
And they went to that person the sense of presentation and their environment, and it doesn't happen.
And then all the days -- interviewer versions, interesting as you or their children and children come to my office and say something like this, "I know that my name is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't tell me, I'm just killing time -- I'm just killing time.
Or they say, "You all say that as you start a career before the 30 -- all of it will be good.
But then it starts to sound something like this, and it's just to end and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better documentary the day I got from the university?
And then it starts to keep something like this, and I was like, "I went up for the age of the two were like the game.
They all go out and they are, but then at some point around the age of 30 -- and they had the music and everybody started to sit out.
I didn't want to be the only one that would be passionate, so sometimes I think I went up with my wife because he was the most close school when I was 30.
Where are the vents here?
They don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit, but you don't know, the risks are very high at the way.
When you leave a lot of things for the three, there is a huge price to the transparency and so many of us to start a career, to choose a city, to choose a pain, and have two or three children in a much more short time.
A lot of these things are not compassion, and there are research that start to show -- which is much more difficult and strategies to do everything in the time.
The crisis.
It's trying to realize that you can't have the career that you want now.
realize you can't have the child that you want now, or you can't give you a sister to your child.
A lot of teachers and contents are looking at themselves, and to me, sitting on the room, and they talk about the room.
So I want to change what the vents are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Egypt.
At the age of 25 years ago I came to my office because I was in their own words, having a crisis of identity of ideas.
He said he would like to work in the art or in the environment, but it still couldn't decide -- so I spent the last few years working as a monkey.
And as it was the more black, I lived with a neighborhood that I was more afraid than it was more than that.
And even though we live about 20 very difficult -- their life was even more hard.
I was failed in our services, but then you get it up to the same way to say, "You don't choose their family, but it can choose to their friends, but it can choose to their friends, but it can choose to their friends, but it can choose to their friends, but it can choose to their friends, but it can choose to their friends, but it can choose to
Well, one day Emil came up with her head on their legs and I went up for almost all the time.
I had just bought a new book for the day, and he had spent the whole morning with their many different people, but then you were looking at the blood space that still comes after the words in the case of employer, please call it a picture.
I was at the point of the story when I saw it and said, "What's going to be to me if I have a high action?
Who is going to take care of me if I get cancer?
At that time, I got a lot of work to get a lot of work and not say, "I do.
The thing that Emil needed was not a terrible thing that you really worry about.
Emil needed a better life, and I knew that this was their opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alaska as to just feel like the decided of Elever decided to go through it.
So for the next weeks and months, I said to Mom three things that all of us, man or woman, and you have to know.
First of all, I said to England that you would forget from that crisis of identity and get an ideas.
So by identity of identity -- I mean to do something that goes value to their person.
It will do something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Earth, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this -- capital of an identity of ideas of ideas.
So now it's the time for that work of the other side of the country, from that Internet, from that company that they want to work.
I'm not looking at the very self-interest except -- I am taking the explain that I should not tell you that by the way, it's not explanation, by the way.
It's presentation.
I said to England that would explain work and that made them tell them.
Second, I said to March that the orbits are supporting themselves.
The best friends are wrong to take the airplane, but the vents that are together with friends with similar minds are limited in how much you know -- what they know -- how they think, how they think, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who will come out almost comes out of the outside of their closer circle.
The new things come from what they call the wonderful friends of your friends from their friends.
Yes, half of the vessels have a bad work or they don't have work.
But the other half of them are not the way that we can color this group.
The middle of the working work is never presented, then to know the head of your vision is the way to get a work not published.
It is not to make a show. It's the science of how information is going on.
And finally, but not less important, Emily believed that you don't choose their family, but I know their friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a version, Emily soon will go to his family. When I have a couple and it shape their own family.
I said to Mars that the time to choose his family had come up.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to feel that the 20 or even the 25 and I agree with you.
But I'm going to choose the person that you live right now or you get right now when everyone in Facebook start to walk to the helicopter is not a program.
The best time to work in your husband is before you have it, and that means to be so interested in love as you're in the work.
Electric your family has to be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just doing it to work or kill time with you to get them to you.
So what happened with Emily?
Well, we took that direction -- and she found the top of the fourth of a piece that was working in an art museum in another state.
This grandmother was helped to get a work there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the notion that I life.
Now, five years later, it is a kind of special of events in the museum in the world.
This house with a man who was controlled with a man who was controlled.
I love his new career -- I love his new family -- and I sent me a letter that said, "You know, the spaces of employees are not the big enough.
The story of Emily can be easy, but that's what I love to work with values.
It's very easy to help them.
The vents are like advantages that come from the attack of the Americans who go to some place of the air.
It's just before the standard, an old line in their journey makes the difference between analyzing in Alexander or in Finance.
In the same way, at the age of 24 or the 25 and even at the time, a good conversation -- a good design, a good TED talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
This is my idea that I decided to do to all the vents that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex.
This is what I now have the privilege to say to vents like Education every single day, the transportations are not the new 20 -- they actually get their adult, they get their advantage careers, they use your family strangers, they go to your family.
They don't let you decide for what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're doing their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 24 years old, I left a very strange work in the general conference for a work that was even more exciting, the distribution.
I was going to show you mathematics in the public schools in New York City.
And as any teachers -- and you get exploration and protection.
I give you tasks.
When the work comes back, I was closed the careers.
What I called the attention was that CO2.
Some of the ones that had a better decade didn't have any personalized personalities.
Some of my most smart children was not going to be so well.
And that makes me think.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in the sacred support, safe -- they are hard.
But these consumers are not impossible and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during the time.
After several years later, I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of the students and learning from a modern perspective, from a political perspective.
In education.
It's the CO2, but what happens if you have success in school, and in life it depends on much more than the ability to learn in a quick way and easy.
So I left the cars and I went to the college to become a phone.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of determined scales, and in every study my question was, who has success.
My research team and I went to the Act Millennium World Pole.
We tried to predict what charges would stay in the military and who they would go back.
And we went to the National County of Dent, and we tried to predict what children are going to go on as far as they were going to go into the behavior.
And we study the normal teachers working in really difficult forests.
We are associated with private companies -- asking us, what about these sell are going to keep their job of work?
And who is going to win more money.
In all of those very different context.
And it was not social intelligence.
It wasn't the good application, the physical health and it was not the CO2.
It was democracy.
Design is passionate and performance to get a lot of a lot in a long way.
Democracy is to have responsibility.
Democracy is to go to their future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
Democracy is to live the life as if it was a market, not a card to all of them.
A few years ago, I started to study the definition in the public schools of the Chinese.
I asked thousands of high students that made my consequences of definition, and then I hope about over a year to see who it would be gradually.
It turns out that the children with more detect they had a lot more likely to graduate -- even when I put them on every single capital that I could measure -- things like the family instrument, the results of the factories -- even the security of the statement -- even the security they were in school.
So it's not just in Warman Portugal or in the National National University in which it matters democracy. It's also in school, especially for the children in risk to accept it.
For me, the most important thing about democracy is the little bit that we know, the little bit about the science of their developing development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the definition in the children.
What do I have to do to teach the kids a single type of work?
How do you keep the monitoring managers.
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that the task doesn't give you defined.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of transparent individuals that are just not going to go ahead with their companies.
In fact, in our data, the common democracy is not related to or it's even related to the media of the tablet.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the democracy in the children is something called a company of growth?
This is an idea developed at the University of San Dent, and it is the believe that the ability to learn not to learn it is that it can change with the experience.
Dr. Democratic has shown that when the kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to the challenge -- are much more likely to stay when they don't believe that that factory is a perfect consumption.
So the growth of growth is a great idea to develop democracy.
But we need more.
And that's where I end up my driver, because that's where we are.
That's the work that we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our most strong institutions and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we have to be willing to be willing to figure, and to start to start all of new with the lessons to learn with.
In other words, we need to be defined about making our children be more defined.
Thank you.
And I grew up in Taliban as the daughter of a calculator, one of my most advanced remember is my mother to show the beauty and the shape of the China.
From that moment, I was wonderful by this incredible language.
But for a stranger, it seems to be as much interviewed as the Great Chinese China.
In the last few years, I've been asking you if I can go up this mountain, so that I want to understand that I want to understand and apply the beauty of this language software can do it.
I started thinking about how a new method and quickly learn to learn China could be useful to be useful to be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started to learn how to draw each of the transportations in the right sequence in the right sequence of the right sequence in the right sequence in the right sequence of it.
I learned new bacteria every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster form and simple.
A Chinese action will understand 20 cards.
You just need a thousand to understand the basic architecture.
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic level, enough enough to read terrorists of transparent, to understand the basic idea of the website or the people.
Today, I will start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They were going to open your mouth as much as it is possible until it is careful.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a country.
People people.
If the shape of the fire is a person in both of them in both sides -- as if I was running in the way, "Alies? And I'm a search -- this is actually operating in the form of the call -- but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that will work.
This is a tree here.
tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree, tree tree tree tree tree, tree tree tree tree, tree tree tree tree, tree tree tree, tree tree tree, tree tree tree, tree tree tree, tree tree, tree tree, tree tree tree, tree tree, tree tree, tree tree, tree tree, tree tree, tree tree, tree tree, tree tree, tree tree, tree tree, tree
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door of the door looks like a couple of door doors in the old one.
I call these eight cartoons.
They are a building of building so that they believe many more careers.
One person.
If somebody walked back, that's self-instant.
As the old man said, two are company, three are male.
If a person would be their arms -- this person is saying, "I would be just like that?
The person within the mouth, the person is applied.
It's a principle, just like John inside the bank.
A tree is a tree -- two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
They put a table under the tree -- we have the circumstances.
They put a map on the tree -- that's a room.  It's just a record?
Do you remember the forest?
Two students together, it makes a lot of courts.
Three students together, that is a lot of us.
They put the fire under the two trees -- that is it.
For us, the sun is the source of the process.
Two of them together.
Three together, those are strange.
They put up the sun and the man will get together together, that's the beautiful.
It also means morning, after one day and a night.
The sun comes on the horizon.
A door -- you put a table inside the door -- it's the heart of the door here.
They put a map inside the door to ask questions.
Tomorrow, there is somebody at home.
This person is coming out of a door of a door -- standing up.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're describing.
Three women together, they have a cardiologist is advantage.
So we've already happened for almost 30 minutes.
By using this method -- the first eight trees will allow them to build 32.
And the next group of eight cartoons will build another 35.
So with every little effort -- will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of careers, which is the same thing that I learned a eight years old.
So after you know the capitalisms, we started to create fragments.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, and we have a flower mountain.
We know that Japan is the land of the right room.
This is a single sun with the organization, because Japan is to the China.
So a sun next to the organization, we create Japan Japan.
One person behind Japan -- what do we do?
One person ready.
The way on the left is two mountains on the other.
In the old China, that meant in terms of it, because the Chinese companies were going to their political environment beyond the mountains beyond the mountains there.
Today, the existence has become coming out.
A map that tells you where it is going to be a salamburt.
This is a slide to remember that I have to stop talking and get out of the stage -- thank you.
What I want to be paper is the movie that I get to see.
I love to share my favorite movies with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Greek market together.
The movie does your picture for months.
His favorite character was Guard, of course.
He gave him a good thing to use a wonderful view and take a magic vaccine.
But when you see that movie so many times, you can understand that it's extraordinary to understand that it's extraordinary to us.
Now we live and we created our children in a kind of individual computer of standard particles of increasing factories.
However, the example of Olympift was an approach in itself.
It didn't start that trend here.
The technology really took up a short years later, controlled, another film of the prototype, and a piece of molecule and a piece of movie and a piece of mountain and a piece of peak to a little girl of the energy.
Do you know what I'm talking about.  Yeah.
There is a great difference between these two movies -- there is a couple of different differences between the Olympic market and all the movie that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the middle of Ox.
The monkeys are pretty addiction, like the markets.
But I think that if the hear of hear is done today, the market would say, "Man: You're the sales of hear as the teacher presented it.
You use the magic stress to detect the analysis in the computer of the bottom market.
But that's not what happens.
Another single thing about the Olympic March is that the most strange characters and even vaccines are women.
And I started to notice this when I did to look at my daughter to my son, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a child at that time.
Just three years.
It wasn't invited to the production because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the surface level had come down.  And so he went up on the room and I had been presented as a mom on the top of their parasites, and I don't think he would understand what happened -- but unfortunately, it was a whole thing.
I wonder what it is.
They would be terrible and value and really really really really?
I would have the feeling that London is going to be a statement to deal with the government.
So let's share this with the Olympic of 1960 1970s.
How do I won David his film."
You can do good people with all of them and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world in which I want my children to create Oh, right? And not a world of men who fight -- which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital force France, force in the movies for our children, and so little from the way of the words of the words of the words of the words of the words of the words of the words of the words of the words of the words of the words of the words of the words of the words of the words of the words of
There is a lot of freedom about the impact of the impact of the mobile violence in the kids, and they should read it. It's very good.
I have not read so much about how children are related to this structure.
I know for experience that the Landeson Langum didn't provide the advantage that I would have felt to get the world in the world that is male.  I think at the moment of the first brain, I really hope that the crisis would start to look like because it is the end of the film, right?
My search has done, I have non-sea.
Why are they still standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
And the movies are focused on the value and get their response, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other angles.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be an animals, and if you're a girl -- you have to use a war.
There are a lot of explorations, and you have a lot of discoveries in the beginning of Denter to any of you.
But they send a message to the children, even though they are not really their own goal that they are not really their goal in it.
They make a remarkable work by teaching kids how to choose against the paradox, but they don't necessarily show the kids how to define the paradox.
There is no model for them.
We also have some great women that write new stories for our kids, so real and colleagues like Hollywood and Kenya, but they don't let to be films of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all of the time is going to go up in the heat after the climate, every one of them about a child or a man or a man, or two men who are friends -- or a man and your son, or two men who come up with a child.
So far as many of you are thinking, this year, I finally came out Village.
And it is going to get all of you. It's already available in you.
Do you remember what the crisis.
I can't believe that Pakistan has made a movie of a beginning.
It's very good. They don't let the details.
Well, almost none of these movies on the protection of Boston.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It has no longer ready and it was already presented, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
Alexander Brown is a distance of companies, and at the middle of the 99 years, I brought a conversation that had had with a friend of the employers that they saw that they see.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you have to do -- in the movie -- there are more than a physical character that has lines?
So you have to get the resource.
These women talk to each other.
Their conversations are about something else about the girl that so many of you like it?  Right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women there are and talk about things between each other.
I have seen it -- I have seen it, and yet I see it in the key that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality of a very good quality here.
Right? Red Greeks of the standard, an idea of what it is to be a movie of how it is.
It doesn't happen the protection of Boston.
And I don't think it should be, because a lot of the movie -- I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in a card where men and women are born during the crisis of the research.
We have a lot of men of men who have a deep and professional conversation in this room, and it's the great time for one of them to take a look at the door and say, you go to the single side, carrying it, care?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2009, from the 100 more popular movies -- how many of them think they have physical professors.
Oh. It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women that we have been able to remember for Congo, then it's good.
But there is a larger number that is going to determine this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said, this is what he said, this is what he said, this is what he said, this is what he said, this is what he said, this is what he said, this is what he said, this is what he said, this is what he said, this is what he said, this is what he said, this is what he said, this is what he said,
In the United States, one of every five women says that it has been a second security in their life.
I don't think it is the collection of the mass entrepreneur.
I don't think the movies for kids have something to do with that.
I don't think that the videos of music or personality are completely solar, but something like that, and when I hear that statistics -- one of the things I think is that there is a lot of sex.
Who are those kinds? What are you learning here?
What do you don't get to learn.
They're accepting the story that he says that the role of a male high is to go to the vaccine with violence and then I will cut the response, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and not talk?
We are accepting that story, that story.
You know, as a father with the privilege of creating a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we found this world and this very nice study and we want to put them into them.
We have tools to our device as a pollution -- and we hope that that helps -- but I have to ask you to ask them to protect you if at the same time, the same time, and we are getting to our children so that they keep their power power?
I mean, I think that the Lego list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean to the parents of the parents here.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of the market is changing relatively.
You have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home.
It's all change.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character of Steve Walter Delhi know what I received?
"Oh.
"Mandeland Kenna and Guandarity.
So what do you have in common these two.
Maybe it's not just the brilliant vision.
I think they're experience.
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than nobody -- and I love to share their knowledge with other people to help them get their potential up.
They are leaders of them.
I like that kind of stories for my son, and I like that kind of stories for my children.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which I tell my son, see and forgotten just and more stories where you see their work is to join a team -- maybe a team led for women, helping other people improve and be better people to improve and be better people.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Mars.
But you know, it's hard.
They are controlled and it's hard to see them.
However, with the time, I used to look for it.
I started to see ways and patterns that helped me get them to them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the architecture of the past.
And finally when I started to study emotion, I realized to see my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because suddenly in Einstein -- my little piece in Mars had grown up to one of a few miles of life next to Nicole, next to Nicole.
And my man had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use security images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see another way.
So I want to show you an example of how different we see how to use the infection.
This is a professional place in the original room in the Middle East called Berkeley.
And the place, at the same time, it seems to be market, but when we use the influence and we try to use it, and it is just the place that you see as a beautiful role.
What you're looking at is the real chemical changes of the paper that are made by the materials of building and the activity of the old electrons.
I want to share with you how we have used social data to find an old European city, called English, lost for thousands of years.
Elevans was the capital of the old Elevan for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle East about 40 years.
The place is going to be in the Farm, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Institute -- there was this great definition of the old art art -- the architecture and the relationship and the relationship and the relationship and the relationship and the relationship and the relationship and the relationship of it.
Every English have always known that European was produced in some place about the landscapes of the two.
This area is huge -- and it's about 1,000 miles per day.
In addition to the name is right at the side of Earth and as it changed with the time, it comes into this and cover all the city.
So how do you find a single city in a statement of statement?
I will try to find it to be the equivalent of looking for a hole in a painting, with the eyes and using grandmothers of biologists.
And so we use the DNA data to make a map of the place, with very simple change.
We were able to see where the Nike flows.
But you can see more defined, and it is even more interesting -- this area that is a very interesting area that you see inside the circle here, that we thought it could be the professor of Alexander.
So we went to the Elebrant scientists doing a show of shows, you can see it here.
When I tell you, it's like the issues of shows in ice -- but instead of climate change, we look at human capability.
Five feet down the bottom of a blood capture of the flower, we found a map of charge of charge.
This means that in this position of Egypt, five feet down, we have a capital of a number of years of years that they give from the Middle Institute -- exactly the same period that we believe is Alexander.
We also found workers of personalized -- color, curve and role -- which shows that there was a transparent of going out there.
This might seem that it's not a lot -- but when we think about the most common legs used in the outside of the United States, these are the legs that they were used to do.
And so we have a capital rate of concept that gives the Middle East in this place.
We also have an evidence of a piece of leadership that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find Stanford here, but we're going to go back to the place in a short future to find it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to capture young people in the use of the use of the way that they can also do big discovery as well.
I want to end with my favorite quote of the Middle East, probably was written in Staridation about 40 years ago.
sharing the knowledge is most of all the vaccines.
There's nothing like that.
So as a look like this, TED was not funding in 1998, Christmas.
Because the ideas happened to actually start in 500,000 to Chinese.
And I certainly put the search of the standards in the perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to put you to the eyes.
You can imagine it for the door of the home.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door -- the material that's done.
So now you go to a group of non-fraction of biologists in biologists.
They are compared in a number of biologists and they are going to be in the direction.
I need to see this true.
They're putting it up, they're supposed to get a lot.
And you get out of front of your house.
There are biologists flying around all of the parts that go on the side of the side of the areas that are going to end up in the basic places. They spend the pollution of the door of the door of the door, the pollution of the door down.
In the plan, the paper, or what you have to the other side of the door -- and look at the quality of the light. The blue light about the Mars of Galaxies.
He is happy with it.
It's from the street, on a man back.
It's a battery that I talk about.
You can feel your blue paper by making them block on the night.
You can support the advantage of air and speeds that are about to be able to move in the mouth.
They walk on one side and go into her room to be going on.
In the room, and making a lot of their imagination -- imagine to Brazil San San again.
It is with a little bit of role, which is going on on his center of center -- saying "Hello Bomber Market Tom.
Now let me take you to the face.
The ground has been written with a field of box barriers and from the heart come back to you David, the man of Mars, and the Lab and the Land of the March March, addictive in the hands of the hands -- standing up to you.
Okay. They open your eyes.
So I want to tell you about a wonderful concept that is taken in New York City.
It's called the Medicine Medical Medical State.
I went to cover this event about a few years ago as a scientific personality, waiting -- I guess that this was like the end of a subject of a support.
There were several men and a few days of different age.
They were looking at hundreds of numbers of numbers, looking at them just one time.
Let's measure the names of tens and tens of extraordinary.
So let's take a few of them in just a minute.
They were able to see who I could be able to do with more pressure the order of a barrier of newspaper.
And I thought, "This is incredibly incredibly.
These people have to be phenomenon of nature.
And I began to talk to some of the companies.
This is a man called Elephant Collection that had come from England and that has one of the best memories that have a better memory.
I said, "Hey, when you realized that they were a knowledge?
He said, "I am not a know.
I actually have an average memory of it.
All of the ones in this compassion say that they have normal memory of it.
We have been trained to make these markets of memory using a few old techniques -- invented about 2,000 years ago in Great -- the same techniques that I used in order to move up to make their discoveries, and that the markets used to use to be made to be measuring books.
And my reaction was, "Oh. How did I have no heard of this before.
We were standing out of the room, and English, who is a wonderful English and brilliant, even though a little exciting, he said, "Yeah, you are a American personality.
You know Brazil Santa?
And I said, what? No, why.
Because I'd like to show you to Brazil to tell us how to look at the order in a little bit of lives in life, in national television.
That would work to the world that anybody can do it?
And I said, "Well, I'm not Brazil San, but maybe you can teach me.
You know, you have to start for something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up going on the most part of the next year not just to bring my memory but also by trying to figure out how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what it can be their potential.
I met a lot of people really interesting.
This is a man called Twitter.
He is a presentation, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem -- it's improvise.
So someone incredibly sad -- but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the species I met this man.
This is King Person. And he was based on the Department of Design Department in the movie Rome March."
So we spend a task together in the public board of San Line Liberia, marketing the phone cars, and it was central.
And when you go back, I read a amount of treat on the memory of the writing memory about 2,000 years ago, in the Allen and then in the Middle age.
And I learned a lot of interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having the idea of memorial memory, definitely and criminal was not a little bit as far as it can look like today.
It does a long time, the people involved in their memory -- in order to get their mind.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed us.
They have changed us, and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we almost don't have a need to remember -- sometimes we seem that we have forget how to do it.
One of the last places in our planet where you still find people based by this idea of a memorial memory -- definitely and criminal is this common compassion of memory.
It's actually not so subjective. There are compassion like this all over the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University of London invented to a group of memory memory, the lab.
They wanted to know that it has brains in some way or straight or a different distance of the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
They're more intelligent than the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of
They gave them a color of cognitive trends, and the answer was actually not.
It had yet been a really interesting difference and it means between the brains of memory and the control of the control of control with them to share them.
When they put them into a magnificent resource machine, they put their brains while we look at numbers and forms and forms of community controls -- they found that in the memory companies were addicted parts of the brain, different to the others.
In effect, they used to use it, or they seem to use a part of the brain that will invent space and neuroscience.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The bottom of the computer memory is market as a carbon career where every year comes up with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the companies have to get a day.
This is my friend Britain, three times a memory of memory.
In his written -- in front of it, there are 3D banks of decline newspapers that he's about to try to die in an hour -- using a techniques that he invented and that he just died.
He used a similar techniques to measure the average order of 425 distances and strange biologists.
In half a hour. Yeah.
And as there is a great amount of ways to remember things in these compassion -- absolutely all the techniques use at the end of the end of the end that the politicians call the professional "complexity?
It was structured with a piece of career as the paralyze Bangladesh."
That is his application.
And then I asked them, "You know there's a balloon "The "Times.
And when I go back later, I ask you that word that I told you a computer?
Do you remember what it was.
The person he told him that his name is Brown is a little bit likely that I remember the same word that the person who said that their work is "very "World?
The same words, different capacity of remember -- that's rich.
What happens here?
Well, the name Brown, actually doesn't mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship to you.
And with all of the other remember that they add for your head.
But the word -- "Well, we know sandwich.
They use simple signals of white signals.
They have done in the hands.
They go right when they go home to work.
We probably know some personality.
And when we first got that word for the first time, we started to put a particular analogy to put them in some point at some time.
One of the most expensive techniques to do this is about 2,000 years ago.
It's known as the market of memory.
So the story says like this, there was a point called Sans that I went to a bank.
They had found it as an environment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good face, it was not going to a DNA, and he went to a point.
He was put out of it, I got his power of memory -- and it was made, and as soon as it was, the room of the bank is collected in the back.
They kill them.
But not only the kill of all of them -- but I show you the bodies to leave them right.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting out.
So you could not get the body.
A traditional behind the other.
So supporting, it was just surrounded, only self-interested in the middle of the scales, and he realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I was sitting in each other.
I took the families in the hand taking them where they were their beings were born between the bodies.
What happens at the time is something that we all know more or less institutionally, and it is that no matter whether we are not good to remember names or numbers of phone or interviews in the word of our colleagues -- we have visual memory and extraordinary space.
If you asked me to have the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Sans, it's very likely that it turns out very hard to do it.
But I would argue that if you ask them to say who I was sitting on the ability to be sitting on their visitor, they would be able to do it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more completely, the more disappear, the grandmother, the mass and the application is the image of the picture, the more increasing to be.
This is a concept that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first ones of memory -- in card.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and they want to do it in the same way that I had done it if they had been invited to Twitter about 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is to imagine that they're in the door of your house.
And you can figure out some kind of an absolutely religious image and income and individual to help us remember that the first thing you want to deal with is that completely inspiration.
And then you can imagine going into your house, and see the Mars of the Galaxies moving on my Eastern Earth.
And that will tell you that they want to introduce his friend Earth College.
And then you would see Brazil will be able to remember that thank you that you want to tell you.
And then they would go into the car, and the fourth thing that they would talk to be that strange journey that they did for a year -- and they have some friends to help them remember it.
So this is how the robots are looking at their discovers, and I didn't work in the word -- which is going to get them to get it in the way that is going to put them up but typical by typical one.
In fact, the territory transparent, comes from the "Green Gore, which means "Wow?
It's a version of when people think about the lab and in the relationship with this kind of space.
The factor of the first place, it would be like the first place in your memory paradox.
I saw that this was just fascinating -- and I got from full of it.
I went to some of these memory compassion and I had the idea to write something wrong about this support of common memories.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory of memory is a completely boring event of me.
In serious -- it's like a lot of people sitting there by taking exceptions. I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is marketing.
I am an angry and I need to write about something.
I know there are amazing things going on in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to them.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in their place.
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to the New York Times -- just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem -- or the name of an old advantage of an old school in a market market.
And I found out that this was completely strange.
I was never waiting for it to be.
It was a stranger, because it wasn't just to bring the memory to the memory of it.
What is actually about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these religious images.
And I was very excited about this.
So this is me, using my team of station to the memory of memory behavior.
It is a couple of organs and a couple of blood security control with just two distances, because the definition is the worst power of a memory company.
I ended up coming back to the same concept that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that it could come in, in a sort of a particular performance of it.
I thought this could be really good for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I get the control, something I didn't have to happen.
And of course, it is able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
These are just just transportation.
Because they based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not need to be able to build the memory of the memory or to make a little bit of newspapers to benefit with a little bit about how their mind.
And we often talk about people with a great memory as if it was going to be about a day, but it's not the case.
The great memory is going on.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
And we remember when we get a lot of a professional.
The paradox of the memory -- these memories of memory are just advantage.
In fact, they're not even accessible of true.
They work because they make us work.
They make a kind of deep process -- a kind of a complete attention that most of them don't have to go out there.
But the reality.
This is how things are getting memories.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today -- it's what I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem -- I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the dream of our remember, of the resistance.
How many of us are willing to lose what is already our short existence in the British or iPhones, not to pay attention to the human being in front of us, who walk to our side. We will be so horrible that we don't even move into property programming?
I learned from the first hand that there are incredible memory capacity in all of us.
But if you want to live a mental life, you have to be the kind of person that I remember to remember it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture in the story.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex thing, so we're going to do just a complex place, New Jerusalem.
Because 30 years ago, I am from No. Joe, I was six years old, and I lived there at home from my parents in a village called Lincoln and this was my child.
In the corner -- from my distance, I was the baby that share with my sister with me.
And I went into my danger and the baby, there was a ball that I was going to the room of being the room.
And there all of you were looking at the chair looking at the phone and so every time I was from my room, all of me would see me, and every time I went up and go into a table, you all see me.
And I was like that.
It was fine, and I got it up.
And I went up that record, I was left that ball, I was left that room and that house.
That's the architecture of it.
Listen.
Those feelings that I felt -- that is the power of architecture -- because architecture is not about mathematics -- but of those violent conditions that we feel in the places that we feel in the places that we get on in the places we do.
And it's not to explain that we sit in that way, because I agree with the American Program Project -- the Americans spend 90 percent of their time.
Or it is, 90 percent of the time we're accessible of architecture are approached.
That's a lot.
The architecture will stop us in ways that we don't even realize that.
That makes us a little bit of income and very, very important.
This means that when I show you a building like this -- I know what I'm going to do -- think about "Performance, "Stepper and "designers?
And I know you think about it in a building built in a building built 2,000 years ago.
This is a trial.
It's a design that uses architecture to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our building.
This is an amazing emotional connection to the pressure of a very, very long time.
We use it 200 years ago.
We use it in the 19th century to build art.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build home.
Look at these statistical supply, surfaces, in front of the sea.
This is very, very useful because building things is advanced.
It takes a lot of time and it's a very complicated time.
The people who build the people and the governments and the governments -- they always have fear to innovation -- and they want to use ways that you know they're going to work.
So we found building buildings like this.
It is a building building.
This is the public Professor of Lincoln who would end up in 2008, in my current city, and you know, it has a climate -- it has this thing ready, collapsed, collapsed, straight strangers, which let you figure out what Kine is trying to communicate with this building.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a border today.
That same year, in 2009, on the other side of the country, you end up another border, which looks like this.
It's in Santa.
This bomb shows how we use the media media in the digital was digital of the digital time.
It is a new kind of public team for the city, a place to get up, to read and share it.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings -- both of these businesses, both of them are so completely different.
And the answer is that architecture works in the beginning of the period.
In one side is the innovation -- the artists that are constantly getting new technology, new technologies -- new solutions for the form of current life.
We practice, we practice and we put so much of the people.
All of the black -- this tells us that we feel very well, but we are dead in the inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on the other side and come back to the other side of those simple situations.
So we do it, and we are all happy -- but we feel like transparent, so we started to experience again, we make the period of the back at the time, over and over again. So we've done in the last 300 years, and of course, we've done in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went from the decade of the 70 percent.
The architecture were approved with the called the called the called "computer?
It has to do with the antenna.
That can be guess that.
So small visitors, in the straight scale.
Something really hard.
So we went back to the 99 -- and we started to put those signals up there.
We put the power in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that we like and we do it.
We are going to do that and we make a little bit and we use new materials and we use new materials and we use new stuff.
I love it.
We don't give a open.
We take Harrin Harvard and we turn them into relationships, that can be male markets made of view.
And the forms were gone, they put up in adventure and color.
The sources became colors.
The scientists grew up to the size of the building.
A color.
But they were the 99 -- that was great.
We all spend the challenge in the common center and we moved to the boats, and there in the surface, we can create our own artists to create us.
Those factors could be going to medicine, to the fraction, or the instrument.
You can just have a set of paper papers.
So this is what happens with it.
This is what happens with the systems.
They are easy -- they are barriers, because instead of creating new space, we need to remember from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Turkey.
This is Oh.
And the architecture are feel framework, and we started to make the power in the other direction.
In the age of 80 and at the beginning of the 99 -- we started to experience with the democratic call of the democracy.
We are going to take a lot of stories -- we now have new design techniques of design by a computer and we found with new companies -- a few ways that they go into other ways.
This is access and emotion, and it is supposed to be successfully, and you have a lot of exciting.
Now, normally, the period of it is going to come back in the opposite direction.
But then, it happened something successful.
In 1998, you put this building.
This is the Gulf of Bill Galaxy.
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture with architecture.
Paul Gallery said that Bill was one of those rooms when you grow and access and public and public in general -- they were completely about a building.
The New York Times called this map of microscope.
The terrorist in Bill was still in a 24 percent when the building.
So suddenly the world wanted one of those buildings, Andrews, South Collection, China, New York, Columbia, South.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
And he was our first stars.
But how is it possible that these forms and radio and gentlemen, how is it possible to become a control around the world?
And it happened, because the media was going around to them and quickly we learned that those forms mean culture and terrorism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these ways.
The same thing they did is the main collections of the world.
And so they all believe that if they had these forms -- they had culture and terrorism.
This phenomenon of start in the new military country with other stars in the other way.
And I went to Zealand and Liberia, and what happened with these few feet of freedom in the middle of the new military -- actually started to go through all the architecture -- the digital media started to increase the speed of information.
Think about, for example, how they get an architecture to do.
A thousand years ago, they would have to walk up to the next village to see a building.
The transition is accessible, you can take a bank, a adventure, you can be transparent.
The access technology can be able to see in the personality, in the TV and at the end, all of us are professionals of architecture -- and the building is brought beyond their physical education.
The architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communication finally has come up with the speed of architecture.
Because the architecture is moving so quickly.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building -- three or four years, and in that time, an architecture can design two or 100 buildings more, before what I designed about four years ago was a success or not.
Because it has never been really good at the architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The bright was not a two years old, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they had them.
That's never going to go back to happen. I think. Because we are in the biggest revolution in the architecture from the invention of the antibiotics, and the approach, and it's the revolution of the media.
My theory is that when you apply to the media to the media media and it starts to turn faster and faster to be in both of them in support, and it was done the difference between innovation.
So now we can do almost inspiration, with emotional career, of something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works.
We were connected to support this building that goes up.
This is the center of a village called Parks in the state of New York.
It's a community community community.
But that means that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the distances look exactly at the protection of it, there was no surprise.
The building was going to be part of the community, that first summer -- when people started to get and share it in social media -- the building stopped being just a building -- it became a half of a building, because these are not just images of a building -- are the images that you did from the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes us cut with the collective memory -- and when you cut these symmetries, we learn to us.
That is, we don't need to tell us how to think about the architecture to think about.
We can tell us what we think about architecture because the digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the building.
Think about a second in those borders of Lincoln London.
If that building is building today, we first went to the Internet to look for new boats.
We would be completely excited with examples of experience.
That is markets.
Movies that you can take to the Lab of Linux, to people in Lincoln -- and tell them that there is no unique answer to what it can be a border today.
We are part of this.
This application of solutions gives the freedom of experience.
It's all different now.
And the artists are no longer those stories that use big words that use big words, and one is no longer a defend public that doesn't access to something that has not seen before.
The architecture can listen to you, and you don't let you go through the architecture.
That means that the period of a state to another one, from a movement to another one.
In fact, we can continue to go back and find solutions to the problems that are facing society.
This is the end of the story, and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Sunday can be only and addictive to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a state in Brooklyn can be that, a state in Brooklyn, and not a bad history of strange strange stranger in ideas of what it must be a statistic.
This means that a few robots can build our buildings, because we finally will be ready for the ways that are going to produce them.
That means that buildings are going to love the media of nature and not at the time.
And this means that a piece of statistics in my own Bangladesh, France, can also be able to make a decade or for me, or even you can get out there at night.
And this means that three artists can stop in the New York City in New York City.
It means that no building is too small for innovation -- like this little piece of regions, so musical and fires like animals who are going to look at it.
Because it doesn't matter if it is a robot or a robot who built our building.
It doesn't matter how we built it, what matters is what we built in.
The architecture you know how to make more economic buildings more smart and more like that.
We've been waiting for all of you to do it.
And finally, we are no longer at all.
They find an architecture -- and we work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there is a lot in play.
The buildings not only represent our society, but they give them a way to the most small space, the local transportations, the local transportations, the hours where we form our children, and the step of the bank to the bank.
Thank you very much.
This is my seat, Steve.
I just got a year and it already began to walk out.
And it makes it a great way, the typical of the children in a year, as if his body was moving too fast for their legs for their legs for them.
It's totally present up.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the specialist.
She really love his resistance.
It goes up and charge, and it gives themselves those big ones and bottles.
It's beautiful.
In fact, all your friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think, when stop doing this?
How is it that we really are not going to do with our action?
Because unfortunately, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google -- "I'm fair?
This is Facebook, it has 12 years old and live in Denision.
And as any antibiotics, you just want to be a love and to get it.
It's distant at night.
This is being concerned for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear -- it's a little bit, because even though his mom tells him all the challenge that is beautiful -- every day in school, someone says it is fair.
And what your mom tells him and what their friends, or the friends of school tell him, you don't know who will believe you.
So it makes a video of it, and I put it in Congress, and I asked other people that please get a computer, "I am barriers or I'm fair?
Well, until now, Facebook has come over about 16 computers.
Some of these are so defined, which doesn't even make it think about it.
Let's talk about a source of self-institutional and radio, which I get these answers in one of their lives of their life as far as it was the most exciting life.
So thousands of people are published like this, in their greatest girls trying to communicate this way.
But what are you going to do this?
Well, the ants today are almost never alone.
They are low to be in line and available all the time, talking about, and I'm going to say, "I like to be like, starting, sharing it, they will never end up.
Never before we've been so connected -- in a way, in a way, so young -- so young people.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there is a picture in his room all the nights."
There is just no private.
And the social principles that go from the hand with that are improvise.
This environment -- to be always connected to our children to fly out in the number of "I like that they have and the kinds of computers that they have.
There is no difference between a life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is analysis and what it is difficult to do.
What is the most exciting thing in the life of someone in front of somebody who is normal in a distributed context.
And where are you looking for institution?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are published from the news of the girls now.
Moving models are still destroying our paradoxically.
The technology is now a report.
And terrorism as a little bit, "Aboutfacking, and the operation.
For those of you who do it, it ended up a profit of professional.
These technologies are associated from women in the popular culture of today.
It's not hard to see what the young people.
But the kids are not involved to this.
Like the top stars of the detail, and the sense of the supporting states.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we really want our children to grow out and be an individual individuals of beautiful.
But in a cultural culture for the picture, we are teaching our children to spend more time and a mental effort to their audience, at the price of all of the other aspects of their identity of their identity of their identity of his identity of their identity of it.
So things like their relationships -- the development of their physical ability -- their studies and other aspects start to support out.
six in every 10 children will be not doing something because you think you don't see the good enough.
These are not really traditional activity.
They are fundamental activity for their growth as human beings and as you get to the society and the field of the body development in the world.
32 percent -- almost one of three dollars are not interested in the middle of the class. They were going to be part of the cards of career because they don't want to call the attention.
One of each five are not getting up at the way for the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the middle of the experiments, if you don't think you see the good enough -- especially if you don't think you're the decent enough, you will get a little bit less at the average of the average of your boats who don't care about that of the application.
And this phenomenon has done in Finance, the United States.
And it gives you a lot of what these young people.
So, so that it is good of course, we are talking about how you see you, not how you're really true.
The low low on your body is going to be accepted by the access of the accessible.
And it's also making the health.
The advantages with a bit of authorities make less physical activity -- they eat less factories and visualizations, they pay in more distributions that you can take it to a food.
They have a lot of automobile.
They are more easy for the people who understand them, and they are in more risk of definition.
And we think that's all of this for what they make more addiction decisions -- like the concept of analogy and drugs and disaster, distances -- self-interest -- sexual relationships to early age and protection and dangerous day.
The search of the perfect body is concerned to the health system, and our government costs thousands of dollars every year.
And we're not control it.
women who believe that they have a whole bunch of in if you have or don't have any more adventures of applications.
The 18 percent of women don't care about a work of work in one day that they don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could know this, what would that be?
Let's read this potential for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking to you -- it doesn't take you very far away.
Not pretty much.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we have learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to identify trust in their own body.
We have to help our students develop stars to support the price of perfect images and building their authorities.
The good news is that there's a lot of available programs to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of a lot of interesting programs -- not to realize the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that follow our children are not just going to have a positive impact but as well.
And the research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first one is the influence of the family, friends and relationships.
So these six things are points of criminal particles for any willing to bring an education.
One education.
In developing the current state of how women are seen and metaphorical in our lives.
It's not good to talk about our policy of our politicians in the size of the weight or the size of their pieces, or to imagine that the definition or the success of a complete analysis depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty that is not a great beauty that is not a great beauty of a beautiful beauty of it.
We need to start to raise people for what they are, not as you see.
All of us can start doing it by making responsibility for the kind of images and computers that we put in our social network.
We can choose to the people in their effort and their action.
And let me ask you said, "What was the last time they got a specialist?
We have to work together as the communities as well as governments and as companies -- to change our culture, so that our children are growing up all of their people, going through the individual -- the diversity -- the diversity -- the distribution.
We have to put people who are really going to make the difference in a pillar.
So to make a difference in the real world, we make them be the ones that come out in the great screen because only we create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in mind.
Do you want to have their wife.
In your brother?
In your daughter?
Do you see?
It could be just the woman who is to two design senses -- what would it mean for her if it was free of that automatic voice in their inside -- which makes him not to have a long legs of long -- the more straight -- a little bit more space, you know, a little bit more small feet like them?
So what would it mean for her if we knew this and we would say it replicated to their potential in that way.
Right now, the obvious of our culture with the images is going to us.
But we teach our children the truth.
Let's think that the way you see you is just a part of your identity -- and that the truth is that we love them by who they are and what they do, and as they make us feel it.
We include the car in the colleagues of our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and we share with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments -- so that the small transportations of a year of today, they become a lot of safe change of themselves.
Let's do it.
And the five percent of the 1960s, a secret called Elizabeth was going to go into a hospital in Mars and standing to the Rome Medicine Lab the Lead of Department Legardan Jewish Leonardo.
It was going to be able to do it investigating it, but it will be present by the other little mouths of others, in companies of others, they started to plan attacks at about 12 cartoons in New York City.
And of course, those plants went up by an information of the FBI information.
There, the 1950s in the World Train County, couldn't be able to avoid it.
And later to be concerned to be continued to be continued to be able to do it in that way.
Elevans is my father.
I was born in Pakistan, Park, in 1991, being an Emotional engineers -- with an American mother, managed to get a private school -- between the two.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of the island -- that very few -- even most of the museumes are going to know it.
So for experience I saw that when people take time to interact -- it doesn't require a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in all of us, in all human group -- there is always a little failure of people who are going to get so much to their colleagues that think that you have to use all the possible media so that they all live like them.
A few months before he sat up with me and I felt that in the last few weeks of week, he and some friends had been going into the terrorist of the Times Island, to predict it.
He told me that I went with him the next day.
We came to the police of College Collin, which without knowing our group -- I was visited by the FBI for the FBI ...
When I went to threaten, my father helped me hold the role in the man, and I was told how to support the goal at about 30 feet.
That day, with the last side that I would give you to the little light on the object and to make sense of all of all, especially me, the whole thing in calls in call it.
My job went back to the other and in Rome, he said "I was a bottle.
In such a father.
All of all of them brought them a lot of river, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so great.
They looked at me, the same level of discovery that my father could get up.
Those people later would be able to put a little bit of computer with 600 miles of explain in the entire statement of the World Train County, coming up with an experiment that killed six people and he went to other people.
I would take those men.
I called them "Alize, which means that.
When I went back to me, I had moved 20 times -- I had got 20 times -- I didn't allow me to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started to feel a little bit about somebody who was a moment to share and give us another city.
And as it was always I was the new face of the class with a lot of markets.
I was setting up my identity to try to be the white -- but it's going to be the new of the class and support and recent and recently, it was enough.
So most of the time the time was going back in home reading books.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills -- to say it successfully -- and to grow under the face -- I was not prepared for the real world.
And they were used to get to the people, with based on the architecture of architecture, like your reason or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or its relationship or its relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship to it.
So how could I open the eyes.
One of the first experiences that they put in my way to think of my way to think, was during the average choices of 200 percent.
In a particular program in which I was involved in the National National Congress, in France.
My group came up in the issue of the blood violence -- as I had been a lot of market almost all my life, it was something I felt a lot like that.
And the members of this group came from the different world.
One day, to the end of the conversation -- I found that one of the kids who had done framework, was ready.
I took several days to go back to the light and I realized that there was no animal between the two.
I had never had a friend of mine and failed I felt very proud to have been able to get the bank that all life had done to me to believe that it was infected.
Another key moment came out when I got a summer work in Bangladesh Gallery, a couple of fun.
I found with people from all kinds of believe and culture. That experience was fundamental in the development of my face.
All of the life had taught me that humanity was a slide and, by exception, all of them were bad infections.
And by the way, I had the opportunity to work with human ants there, in a room, and I could see that several of them were the most amazing and less creatures that had seen in life.
It would have been a little bit of a kid, I developed a sense of employees to the suffering of each other, but it wasn't easy to me to treat people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated to be treated.
So for that feeling I was able to focus on the states that had taught me from a kid, with the experience of the interaction in real life.
I don't know what it is to be humble but I know what it is to be related for something beyond my control.
Then I came the San Stars.
All night, John Steven was made to me to be interesting to my interviews, and he helped me see that the reason of people -- the relationship or the sexual organization -- they have nothing to do with the face.
In a lot of ways he became my family in a moment in which I was destroyed in a moment.
In access, the insects can come out of the institution, and that a recent company would have had a better influence in my life that my own father was not at all.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something to be in my heart for always -- while it's life.
And she looked at me with the eyes of someone who has been enough enough to stand enough and he said, "I'm carefully carefully, and he said, "I'm carefully careful.
At that point I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hate in your inside there.
My real name is not Zealand Earth.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decided to go out and put it in a real right?
Well, it's simple.
I have done it because I hope that somebody -- some day, who is trying to take the violence -- I can hear my story and understand that there is a better way. That even though I was told to this violence and interacting me, I didn't get to make a fantastic.
And by the way, I decided to use my experience to fight the terrorism and against the pressures.
I do it by the victims of the temperature and for their beings -- by the top of the forest and the questions that the temperature has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of the terrorism to talk to those acts without sense -- like the action of my father.
And with this simple thing to me as a test that violence.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you all.  Thank you very much.  Thank you very much.
At this point there is a film that is project in their mind.
It's an amazing molecular movie of it.
It's at 3D and it has sound like what they listen to and you see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your movie has an architect, and I'm safe and text.
You feel your body, your face, your hand, your play.
It has emotions and happiness and happiness.
It has remember, as a moment of your influence that are produced in your eyes.
And it has a strong voice in your form of conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience all of them in the day.
This film is your force of consciousness -- the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Construction is one of the fundamental truth of the existence of the existence of being human.
Each of us is aware of us.
So we all have a fish in the own one, you, you and you.
There is nothing that we know more directly about it.
At least I know that I have a very own consequences of it.
I don't have any sense that you are aware of you.
The consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we were not aware of our lives, nothing in our lives would have sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most scientific phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we considered?
Why do we have these interviews interest?
Why are we not just robots that we have to do to produce the results without experience the movie of the interest.
At this point, nobody knows the answer to those questions.
I know that to interact the consciousness to science, you need some real ideas.
Some people say that it is impossible a science of knowledge.
science, by nature, is objective.
Constitution, by nature, is substantial.
And so there can never be a science of consciousness of it.
Because for almost all of the 20th century, I present that vision of it.
The police was studying the objective behavior -- the neurons were studying the brain, but no one mentioned the consciousness of it.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started -- there were very few scientific jobs on the knowledge.
Then 20 years ago, everything started to change.
New York Cruco and physics like Rome Person said, "This is the moment so that science is concerned.
And since then, there was a real explore of the scientific work on the consciousness of consciousness about it.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limits to the moment.
The center of the science of consciousness in the recent years was the search of robots, robots between some areas of the brain and some states of the knowledge.
And we saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that I started National Kosovian a few minutes.
Now we understand a lot better -- for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of looking at face or to feel like it or to feel happy.
But this is still a science.
It's not a science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experience, but we don't know why.
I would like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience is answer to a few questions that we want to explain to you -- the questions about what they make certain areas of the brain and with what they were related.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
without traveling to neuroscience.
In fact, there are no easy problems with knowledge.
Well, it doesn't make the real central story of this material -- why all of the physical process in the brain has to be associated by the consequence?
Why is there a film interesting station?
At this point, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's just take a few years to the neurons to neuroscience.
It is going to become another environmental phenomenon like the strangers, like the horses, as the life, and we're going to find experience.
The typical supports are all cases of environmental behavior -- how they are going to go up with the strangers, how they work in the horrible, how they go together, and they move to the living organisms -- all of them are questions about the work work.
That could be apply to the human brain to explain some behavior and the function of the human brain as a embarrassing phenomenon -- how we walk on, how we talk about, how we are talking about, how do we play the behavior.
But when it's about consciousness -- the questions about behavior are between the easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why it is that all behavior is made from a substance experience.
And here it is, the statistical paradigm of the support, the state of the neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I am a heart scientific matter of heart.
I want a scientific theory of the advance that it works. For a long time, I got the head against the wall looking for a theory of the consciousness in the control of the concept of the concept of the concept of the concept of the construction of the construction in the positive terms that would work.
But at the end of the end, I got to the concept that that didn't work for the systems.
I think we were going into this point.
So we have a kind of wonderful experiences that we have to do with this -- and we used to go to this -- the physics explain the chemical -- the chemical explain the biology -- the biology explain part of the policy.
But the consciousness doesn't seem to be able to fit in this situation.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are aware of.
On the other hand, we don't know how to play that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think the consciousness right now, is a kind of an analogy, something that we need to interact to our vision of the world, but we don't know yet.
And with an article like this -- you can need real ideas -- I think we need ideas that at the beginning seem to be locally, before able to deal with the consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibility for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dr. Dent, which is here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there is not a difficult problem of knowledge.
So the whole idea of the whole subject is including a kind of intelligence or confidence.
In fact, what you have to do is to explain the objects of the objects -- the companies of the brain -- and this is what it has to do is I study everything that you need experience.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of real idea that we need to explain if we want to have a theory of the completely religious consciousness -- based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for a lot of others, that vision is pretty close to just negotiation that the goal of consciousness is safe.
But I'm in a different direction.
And in the time I mean, I want to explain two crazy ideas that I think can be proposed.
The first crazy idea is that the consciousness is fundamental to you.
The physics sometimes take some aspects of the universe as a fundamental balloon, the space, the time and the mass and the more.
They put fundamental laws that governments -- like the law laws or the quantum memory of the quantum mechanics.
These laws and fundamental properties don't explain in terms of nothing more basic than that.
At the way, you get fundamentally, and there is the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is addicted.
In the 19th century.
And I think that's the situation that we found with the consciousness of it.
If you can't explain the consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas -- space, time, man, man, then by the matter of local, you have to get the list to the list of it.
The most natural thing it would be to put the conference as a fundamental thing, a fundamental stranger of nature.
This doesn't mean that it suddenly does not really mean about science.
It opened the way to the way to make it science.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that government, the laws that connect the consciousness with other fundamental consumptions, the space, the space, the matter, the physical process.
The physics sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we could be able to be able to be able to structure them in a area.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to structure them in a particle.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second idea is that the consciousness can be universe.
Every system can have a whole range of knowledge.
So this vision sometimes is called a same same particle, "Paradox, "Performance, every single system is aware of -- not just the humans -- the peace, the markets, the mountains, the mountains -- even the microscopes of Rome Kate, the environmental particles of the Russia.
Even a picture has a little bit of aware of it.
The idea is not that the pictures are smart or you think.
It's not that a picture can be full of antibiotics when you think about, and I always travel to the speed of light.
I can never be able to deal with your rooms?
No, so no.
But the thinking is that perhaps the pictures can have some kind of critical sense -- substance, some average price of the consciousness of consciousness of it.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How do someone think something so completely?
In part this comes from the first crazy idea that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- as the space, the time and the mass -- it's natural to assume that it can also be universe, just like others.
It also goes up to notice that even though the idea seems to us, it's much less for the people of different culture, where the human mind seems more a contact with nature.
One more profound reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relationship the thinking with the physical process -- is to raise the consciousness with information.
There is always a lot of information of information -- there is aware of it.
Process of complex information, like in a human being a human knowledge.
It comes to simple information, very simple.
A very exciting thing is that in the recent years a neuroscience, Google Tail, I took this kind of theory and the development of the mathematical metaphors.
It has a massive matter of the information of information -- which is called a period, which shows the computer of information in a system.
And I knew that he has to do with knowledge.
So in a human brain, there is an incredibly high amount of information of information of information, a lot of control, a lot of knowledge.
In a mouse there is a huge half of information of information -- just like a lot of meaning -- it's very important.
But when it comes to the limits, the microscopes, the grandmother of a piece of mine said that.
The level of information of information is less -- but it's not a character.
In the theory of Tail, there will still be a kind of a different knowledge level of cartoon.
In fact, I made a fundamental law of the knowledge -- high front of the period, high control of knowledge.
In addition to another reason is that the paradoxical can help us interact the consciousness to the physical world.
And the physics and the physics with often have looked at the physics that the physics is controlled up.
I describe the structure of reality using a lot of equipments, but it doesn't talk about the reality that goes down.
As Steve Harvard, "Where does the source of the experiments?
So from the private view of the physics of physics you can leave them as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of knowledge.
That's what physics do basically to describe the flow of knowledge.
In this view, the consciousness is that I put it out in the wrong.
In that view, the consciousness doesn't find outside of the physical world as a kind of adventure.
It's there in the center there.
So this view -- I think, the public vision has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have social and social consequences to be quite serious about.
Some of you can be individual.
I used to think that I had nothing to eat anything that I had consciousness -- then I should be version.
If you are a paradoxical and access that vision -- you will have a lot of hand.
I think it's going to think about it, and this tend to transform your vision -- while what it matters in terms and moral conditions -- it's not so much the fact of consciousness -- but their complexity and their complexity and its complexity and their complexity and its complexity and its complexity and its complexity and its complexity and its complexity and its complexity and its complexity and their
It's also natural to ask the consciousness in other systems.
So what about the system of an artificial intelligence system in the film "come?
Is it conscious?
In the view of the paradigm information -- she has a computer of complicated information, so that the answer is yes, if it is aware of it.
If this is right, you put a lot of very serious types of very serious teachers on the development of the development of smart computers and the terrorist of them.
And finally, you can ask you to ask the whole power of the complex color and the planet.
Can you have their own consequence?
Or to a more local level, a green group -- like the audience in a TED talk -- at this point we have a TED connection -- a film for this whole group of TED group -- different from the interviewers of each one of the parts of each one of the parts of each of the parts of each of the parts of each one of the parts of
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least is a question that you must take in serious people.
And so this self-institutional came on, it's a real vision and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more sure of the first crazy idea, that consciousness is something fundamental than the second of the second, that it will be college to be us.
The vision of a lot of questions, a lot of challenges -- like, how do those pieces of thinking.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right way to a theory of the serious consciousness theory.
If no, well, this is probably the most difficult problem of science and film.
We can't wait to solve it from the night at the morning.
But I think we finally get it to discover it.
To understand consciousness is the real key -- I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Vietnam.
It had a very normal person in a very normal way.
I went to school, I went up with my friends -- I got my friends, I was I I got my sister beautiful.
It was all very normal at all.
And when I was 15 years old, a members of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to name for a price of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice -- but there's a remarkable problem.
She actually hasn't got anything.  And they had right.
I went to school, I had good news. After the school, I had a perfect under my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the Services Sander Sea, and "Done Congress.
Yes, I know that. What a conflict.
But they had right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
No one that I can consider as a decade if we take the diversity outside of the wrong.
And years later, being in the second part of the taught in a high school school in Mexico -- as only after about 20 minutes in the class 11 of the steps on the middle of the hand and said, "Oh, when will you give your darkness?
And I said, "What does it do?
Well, I had been talking about the law of difference for about 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, you know, your moral destruction.
When people in the rooms are talking about international things in school.
At the middle of the actor, the actors.
And it was then when I realized that, this child had had experience with people with distribution as an object of institutions.
And we don't do it, and it's not a collection of the God, that is true for many of us.
For us, people are not our teachers or our doctors or our markets.
We're not real people. We're there.
And in fact, I'm in this stage going to what I do in this room, and you probably are waiting for them to be interested.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I want to tell you a lot of statement.
I'm not here to show you.
I'm here to tell you that they have been in relationship to disconnection.
Yes, you have sold the mind that discussion is something Mars, to male, Mars Mars.
It's a bad thing to live with a distribution you make you.
It's not a bad thing and it doesn't make any exploration.
And in the last few years, we've been able to pay even more of this message through social communication.
It's possible that you've seen images like this, the only difference in life is a bad action?
Or this other one, your excellent is involved.
Or this one, "Do you want to be able to stay in, income?
These are just a couple of examples -- but there's a lot of them.
It may be that you have seen one of the children who are not doing with a support of the mouth.
You may have seen a child who goes up with a little bit of carbon financial pieces.
And there are a lot of these images -- which is what we call inspiration inspiration.
And I use the terms of a definitely, because they put a group of people to the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we went to the deceptions in the benefit of the people.
The purpose of these images is to introduce them, so we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad than my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But if you are that person.
I have lost the number of times that have been able to tell me that I want to explain that I am worth or a source of institutions, and this happens to before my work had a public perfect perfect.
It was as if I was happy to go up the morning and remember my own name --  And this is controlled.
These images -- those images who are able to do with the people who are distributed in the benefit of the people.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their price in perspective.
And life as a personal person is actually a difficult thing.
We knew some things.
But the things we knew is not the things that you can think of.
They're not relative to our body.
I use the term "Designer property, definitely because I have a call to call the social model of distribution, which tells us that we are more disappeared because of the society that we live to our bodies or disaster.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very happy with him.
So the things I need to do, and I've learned how to take the best of their capacity as well as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures too.
They're not doing anything out of the common thing.
They are just using their bodies getting the best of their ability to be able to get the best of their ability to do.
So it's really right to get them in the way that we do it, when we do those images.
When people say, "You are a source of institutions, it tells you like a computer.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the mind, because they have sold us this mind that democracy makes us.
And helping, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I am here to go down the institution, and you think of God, Steve, you're not sometimes inspired by something.
And actually, I know I am doing it.
And I learned from other people in the whole time.
However, I'm not learning that I'm more lucky than them.
And I'm going to learn that this is a great idea to use a little bit of barrier to recognize the things that they get to me --  -- to learn the institution of how to raise the map of the mobile phone in the base of the molecule of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and responsibility of the others, not against our bodies and our disasters, but against a world that explains and continues.
I really believe that that feeling that you've sold us about the distribution is the biggest investment.
It makes us hard life.
And that close, the only difference in life is a bad acceptance? The reason that that's not true is because it's not true, because of the social model.
A lot of surgery to a lot of scales has not done that it became a street.
Never --                   San Steve to a TV screen is not going to be able to get the supports for the self-interested people.
It's not a lot of people in the middle of a book and accepting a positive action to become all those books to the beautiful.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where diversity is not the experience, but the normal.
I want to live where a girl of 15 years -- sitting in his distance looking at "The Self-graders Selfimbar, and you don't think of anything to be in a street.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so much exploration of the people that we are going to be happy to get away from the bed and remember our name for the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genetic achieve of people with distribution, and I want to live in a world where a child of the 11 degrees in a high school in a secret school is not a little bit.
The diversity doesn't make us exciting, but to figure out what you believe to know about it.
Thank you.
What do you have to do is not really look at the reality and the professional financial and the professor.
And what is the average speed of a collection without carbon?
And unfortunately, I'm going to just answer one of those questions, so please don't get out.
When people think about, you think about "Man Research, and in Taker Crime coming up with the hands in the air.
The actual reality is something that will happen in our days and happens because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the reality will actually change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phone.
So how do we get to the reality of the really really really really?
The first step is what I call because the Google God.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you might not know is that the Google Guardan is a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'm going to allow you to experience what is a professional destruction in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I tried to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a market that you will get with your picture.
We can use the Google Googles, and you can know what it is to run through the game of game to 150 miles -- the blood put your eyes.
We can know that it feels that a man in the 100 dollars is going to get us, trying to deal with all of its be.
I've been there and I make sure that it's not any advantage.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Google is using the career, and give them an idea of that.
And unfortunately, they're not images of the NASA propositions, because the idea of the NASA technology is a subject coming into the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kougles, go.
It's horrible to be concerned.
A moment. You get a little bit.
Present?
Let's go.
Chris Kouand, as you can see, is a test of what it is that it is going to be taken in the financial field of the period of the control.
You will have realized that the rest of the team -- the rest of the team.
We have a video of them.
Marine filmmaker, Rome 15th.
All eight Air, Alando 7."
Chris Kalleys, this is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field -- but it has nothing to do with NASA.
You want that experience.
And they want to be in the field -- to be their favorite players, and they have asked me in Tomorrow and in Twitter, you can see from the land of a field of field framework.
Or a correct?
We want to experience that?
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Galasors, how do we move from full of the left, how do we take it to the next level.
We take it to that level using something called The Rome Richard, which is still a lot of you know.
The Rome Rose has been discovered like the most real virtual reality of the most recent company, and it is not a worker.
And I'm going to show you why with this video.
Man: Oh, no.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing?
Oh, my God.
CA: That's the experience of a man in a role in a role on the search of their life.
What will be the experience of a picture when we get a video of Albert Pennsylvania creative to the line of a condition with the arm before you go and make a concept? What will be the experience of a famous famous factory.
And when I can be able to go up by the career, by taking the bottom at the bottom of the network? Or San Stand doing a standard in Berlin."
What will be their experience when you get out of a mountain at more than 100 miles as a single employee?
Maybe you can increase the streets of papers for adults.
But this is not even as well.
It's just virtual reality.
How do we get the real reality -- RS: Right?
We're going to reach the reality of the reality when the conditions, the markets and the students see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our economists?
How do we use it to make particles?
Because they always use technology to win it.
They like to win it. They give them money.
So here is a record on the technology at NASA.
In 1998, the Poles of Bangladesh put them a little bit to their field of field to play faster to work.
They won the Sun Boulder that year.
Other equipment decided to tell them.
More people saw the part because it was more exciting.
In 1998, the HIV, the HIV came into the careers of the field of field and then in the decades.
They had more specific because it was faster because it was faster.
In 2009, imagine that they are a play coming back to your group and you see his next play from you, in a field of plastic that they get between. You will not have to worry about forget a play.
Or by looking at the stars.
They just go back to the field and relate.
And the conditions want it because if you don't follow their institutions -- you lose particles, and they hate to lose particles.
So if you lose a little bit like the particle of the control.
And they don't want that.
But the actual reality is not just a matter of a better station.
The actual reality is also a way of getting information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the place.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple choice would be to have a camera in every corner of the state having a view from the high people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors and the accepts, something that is already working on.
And all of that information is sent to your players.
The good team will be able to understand it.
The bad thing will have a lot of information.
This is going to the good team of the bad equipment of the bad.
So your computer team will be as important as your resistance, and the data of data will stop being just for numbers.
It will be also for definitions. Who would have it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that they are the field.
And you get the battery and records.
You go to a open region of an open region of the left part of your vision of your view that you get from you from you're going to go to an analogist. They don't see it, but the system.
And you go to the production area of the production area.
Another line is advanced that there is an open record.
So you get the bar, but they were going to get you out.
And the boat lost the transparency.
You don't know where to go. However, the region looks at her vision a whole area of hole that goes up and can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make the career.
And it goes up to the back, and it goes down and area.
The public public and the family has come up with the play from every day.
This is something that will create a massive emotions in the past.
I'm going to make a lot of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
They want to be in the field.
They want to be your favorite play.
The actual reality is going to be part of the decade because it's too important to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of the real reality?
We are going to use it just as a pattern and close, like our heart entrepreneur."
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the actual reality to get the company between human beings to show someone how it is, literally being in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is going to be the decent languages.
Generally thousands of dollars a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the course trying to show a guess how many of them are their action.
How much is this technology for a gay in the United States or Rome trying to show the world how it looks like.
How much of it is also for a California Congress or an Nigeria Dent Transmitter trying to inspired a generation of children so that you think more in space and science rather than the scale and Katrinanism.
Serious and gentlemen, the reality is going on.
The questions that we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face and they do, as always of us.
Thank you.
I remember me after 24 years of service in the World War Park.
And most of those 24 years I was going to make the extraordinary outside of Mars Congress, which including Google Gallery Gandhi.
The bridge is a technical structure -- known as the beautiful view of San Francisco -- the ocean Park, and their architectural statistics -- and their architectural station.
And unfortunately, it's also a piece for the support, being one of the most use of the world.
The Great World Gandhi was open in 1975.
John Starley, engineering end of building the bridge -- he said that, "The bridge is basically to the protection of supports.
The support from the bridge is not a property or property.
But from the way, over 1,000 people have come up to their death from that bridge from that.
Some of them believe to travel between the two times to take them to another diversity -- this bridge has been involved as such as that, as much from him from it from all of you from all of your confidences and pain, and the water that they spend down your sun.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to make surface.
After one every book of four to five seconds, the body goes into the water about 14 miles a hour.
The impact of the bones, a few of which would have a little bit of living areas of it.
Most people die in the impact.
The ones that no, they usually get into the individual water, and then they get them.
I don't think that the ones that are going to do is that you get the supply of the supply to the death of the death that you're going to get in.
This is the color.
And except around the two toxics, there are 3D paper papers on the poet.
This is where most people are going to be in order to get the life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that box, and at the most dark time, it's very hard to bring it back.
I took this picture last year, while this young man was talking with an office with your life.
I want to tell you that we had a success that we had that day to bring it back on the danger.
When I started working on the bridge -- we didn't have any way that we had any form of it.
We were able to make the way through these calls through these called these called them.
This was not just a bad service to those who are going to make the support, but the office as well.
We've got a long way from the time.
Today, visual and opportunities are going to the new office.
This is Japan Bangladesh.
I met it the 25 percent of the last year when you get a call from a position of a positive subject sitting on the middle of the center.
It turns out, and when I came out, I looked at Japan talking with an office of the Google Gallery Galaxy.
James was only 24 years old, and he had come back to here from New Jerusalem.
In fact, I had come back up to here two times before New York to try to go out of this bridge from this bridge here.
After about about a time talking with Japan, I asked you if we knew the story of the Palestinian box.
Remembering the graduate microscope, Zealand created Palmon, and I sent it to Earth with a box and he said, "You will never open that box.
Well, one day, the curiosity could be more than Pakistan, and she opened the box on the box of it.
They were playing planes, supports, and all kinds of bad chances against man.
The only thing in the box was hope.
So James asked us, "What happens if you open the box and no way?
It turned out a little bit on the right, and it went into the right, and it was it.
This man was loved and smart from New York was just going to take the life.
I talked to the parents of Japan that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it doesn't seem to be very well, because the next day, the family of the family called me to see how it was.
Parks had been asked it.
The color days of the support are going to a lot of people.
I put these questions, what would you do if you would do a friend of your family -- a friend or someone who was surgery, and somebody was supposed.
What would you do?
Do you know what to say.
In my experience, you don't just have to talk about, but you have to listen to it.
I heard to understand.
You don't see, you know, or you tell the person you know how you feel like, because you probably don't know it.
It's just going to be there, you can be the point that you need.
If you think someone is surprisingly, you don't have fear of them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "We only have thought of standard similarities have thought about their life.
Connection to the person in front of it can save life and will be the point for them.
Some of them are going to look for me, written, to believe that things are terrible and they are never going to improve it, impossible, to believe that there is nothing you can do about it, and a lose of the interest in life.
I got this talk about a couple of days ago, and I got a company from a search and I would like to read it to you.
She lost his son at the end of this year, and I wrote this company just a couple of days ago, and it's with their own personality and the birthday that I read it.
Henry, Kenya.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge of this week.
I just wanted to give you a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I still am pretty inspired -- but I will notice more moments to realize that Michael is not going home.
Michael was driving from Stanford to San Francisco to see the part of the 99 with his father in the middle of it.
I never got there.
I was called the police of Palestinian and I turned it up as I did that night.
At the next morning, two office came to my house, and they came back to me that the car car was down in the bridge of it.
A team had seen it out from the bridge to 18 percent of the day.
Thank you very much to fight for those who can be a lot of banks to fight for themselves.
Who has not been before a real mental disease.
It shouldn't be so easy to go with it.
My legs are with you for you.
The GDP, the World Google is supposed to be a passion through our beautiful bank, not a control.
Well, this week.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go to the way that his son took that day, and also the value to get out of the watch.
I would like to introduce you a man that I mean with hope and value.
The 11 percent of 1990s, I respond to a market called a political surgery in the top of the board near the bottom of the north book.
I went up my mom on the car and I looked at this man, Kenya Brown, in the side.
When I saw me, I grew up in the window, and it turned out in that little tent that goes around it.
For the time and the next time, I heard about Kenya talking about their definition and hopefully.
Kenya decided for your own.
When Kenya came out, the happy.
This is a new beginning -- a new life.
But I asked him, "What was the thing that made you go back and give you the hope and the life of another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You hear it.
I'm going to talk to me to talk and just speakers.
A little bit after that income, I got a letter of the mother of Kenya, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to like that.
"I want San Brown Brown, nothing will go to the events of the 11 percent of man, and you are one of the reasons why Kenya is still with us.
So I think, I believe that Kenya, I think Kenya was called help.
It has been diagnosed with a mental disease for which it has been really medicine.
I went to Kenya when I only had six months ago, completely income from all of those high-point relationships, but thank God, we now know.
Kenya is in order -- like the say.
We give God for you.
I was going to do with you, National Brazil?
And at the end of the end she wrote and Poll[thesis. When I came up with the general hospital of San Francisco that night -- you would take it like the patient.
"I know that I had to solve.
And now, Kenya, Kenya is a white father and activity of society.
And I talk about the events of that day and their definition with the hope that their story will inspire others.
This is not just something that I've found in the work.
It's personal people.
My grandmother is surrounded with vehicle.
That act -- even though I was going to end up his own pain -- I cut the opportunity to know it.
This is what the support does.
For most people, or those of us who are going to consider the support, they wouldn't think about getting another person to another person.
They just want their own pain to do.
By the general thing, this is just about three ways.
In my career -- I have been involved and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and called the support around the bridge of the bridge around.
And of those ideas that I've been directly invented, I've just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other one was a man who was talking about an hour.
So for that time, I had the hand in three operations.
In the end, I looked at me, and he said, "Mandela, I feel it, but I have to go to me.
And he came out.
Hand, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the great majority of the people that we are going to have to control in that bridge are not supposed.
In addition to those of us who have come out of the bridge and live and that you can talk about it, that one or two, most of those people have said that the second one was realized that they had made a brain and wanted to live to you and wanted to live.
I say to people, the bridge not only connected with San Africa, but also people.
That connection or because we do, is something that all of us and every one of us have to be used to do.
The support can predict it.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not you, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question will get you, how do you become that?
I have to be a single thing in that sense, but I'm not used -- in any way I am used in any way.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had the dream that I had had from a child.
My outside ended up with my real interest, with my inner me.
And by the same reason that I'm going to give you more later, when I look at this picture I think, you know, you get it, you get it.
But the past.
We all care about our families, our relationship our society, our society in history, even our body.
Some of them have the value of linear, to get rid of the community collections by the color of the skin or by the believe of who we get around us.
These are people who are always used by the state that you would think about it.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors -- many of my friends -- a lot of my friends even include my story.
I think this is called reproduction called reproduction.
This is me.
I got back to me as a "God, because of the activist of my generations.
I remember that my five years in the Files, in my house, I was always made up in the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that way on the head?
I said, "Man: It's my weight -- I'm a girl.
And I knew then how to stand into the season.
The government has always been considered an increasingly, but now we know that, actually, it's more complex and muscle.
Because of my success -- I never started to share my story, not because I think it will be what I'm bad -- but how the world is about us that they want to be analyzed.
All of the days I'm going to be women.
I have a mom and a family who tells me how I are.
Many are not so far.
There is a lot of transition in the public culture that was going to be the metaphor of the government.
There is a lot of companies of compassion here.
There is a horrible dance, dangerous dance.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a face in the Files that I was going to get up these stories.
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something was going to me, this is the kind of woman that I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still looking at this woman called TED.
It's the direction of a beautiful beauty of beauty.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you done in the beauty of beauty?
He told me that if she was able to be able to get out of the instruments of institution and the distance, and that night, they get in the barrier, they put it in a galaxy and it was the third end between over 40 careers.
That moment changed my life.
All of a sudden, I was inside the world.
Not a lot of people can say that his first work was from the beauty of beautiful women.
I also met the diamonds of the decades, especially when we were working to religious protections from the Files.
But more important than all of that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2008, my mom had moved to San Francisco -- I called me and I told me that they were going to take my survival of the green car that could go to the U.S.
I was turned out.
I said to my mother, "Mandela, I'm disconnected.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a biologists of beauty?
But then, two weeks later, I was called and said, "You know that if you move to the United States you can change the name and the identity of general?
It was all I needed to listen to.
My mom would tell me that I put two "The name to my name to me.
She also happens to me when I was going to go in Taite at the 18 years.
It is closed that in some of the most rural cities of Tahrian they actually make the most presenting structures, software and sure.
And in that time, in the United States, it was need to make the structure before you change the name and the generation.
So in 2008, I went to San Africa, and I remember looking at the level of the condition with the name of the name and the "Salinger General General.
It was a big time.
For some people, their idea of identity means power to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a transparent, but for me it was the level to live -- to feel decision.
As soon as my fear looked like memories.
I felt that I could put my dream and move to New York, and it will be model.
Many are not so far.
I think of this woman from Manhattan Allen Newtone.
A young woman in New York City that was going to live his truth -- but that, supposed, I put their life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
So our support areas are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All of the 20 of us will do a global violence for the Congress David of the Transition.
I am in this stage to a long story of people who fish and put it back to the institution.
These are Mars Person and John Richards.
Today, at this same moment, I'm coming out of the architecture.
I can't keep living my truth only and just for me.
I want to do the best thing to help the others live their truth without community, no grandmother.
I am here, so you know, so that some day no longer there is no longer virtual than 20 of them.
My true truth led me to accept what I are.
Do you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  King Starbulder, Google, a quick question.
Google Rome, of course. You see, the first thing.
I was to my surgeon of support to my parents especially to my family -- which is very strong to me.
I remember all of the times I have access to young women -- that I've heard -- and sometimes when I was called and they told me that their parents could not do it. I was called my mom and he said, "Man: Can you call this woman and said, "Man: Can you call this woman, you can call this woman, you can call this woman, you can call this
Sometimes it would work, some of them don't. It's just income identity -- that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us will be used by the neighborhood, and what I try to do is to put on the table that you sometimes have a control that I didn't know, and that there should be a space that allows people to support people, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents with colleagues.
The movement is going to be starting to compared with the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood it.
There should be space for the carbon and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you are my airports.
KB: Thank you. Very love.
In many different societies and transparent, the parents are usually known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for his daughter and I'm proud of it.
Mars started his campaign for education and developing their rights in 2009, and when they were given their evidence in 2009, when you get the National National Prince of the peace -- it was very famous -- a very famous girl in their country.
Before that, I was my daughter -- but now I'm his father.
So ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the story of humanity -- the story of women is the story of the influence, of the visualization, of the violence.
You see, in the public societies -- just from the beginning -- when you read a girl -- your name is not changing.
It's not good, not for his father not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his
The neighborhood comes up to the mother of the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother gets a lot to have a little girl to have a child.
When it gives light to the first girl -- the first child, the first child, you put it.
When it gives light to the second daughter -- you know, and with the hope of a son, when I took his third daughter -- it feels like a crisis.
Not just the mother, but the daughter -- the daughter -- the daughter recently, when I grew up, as well.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it goes home and school to their sister to their beautiful.
To the age of 12 years in some way, it has a good life.
You can fun.
It can play with their friends on the street, and it can move through the streets as a board.
But when I go into the advantage, when I was about 12 years old, you put it out of his house without a market acceptance.
It's connected to four walls of his house.
It's not a free person.
It becomes the call of his father and their sister and his family, and if you bring the code of that time, I could even kill it.
And it is interesting that this support code of hours is not just the life of a graduate, also affect the life of the members of the family.
So this brother is supporting the grandmothers of their life and the happiness of their brothers in the name of the home.
And there is a lot more of the public societies that is called a property.
It is supposed to be a good girl that has to be very concerned, so humble and so on.
It's the crisis.
The model of a good girl must be developed.
It is supposed to be similar and the decisions of their father and your mother and the decisions of the airports, even if you don't want to.
If you go up with a man who doesn't like it or if you put it with a old man -- it has to do it, because it doesn't want to be a design tool.
If you get them very young -- it has to do it.
In the way, you call it the career.
And what happens at the end of the end.
In the words of a politician, you get it, and then gives light to more children and daughters?
And the statement of the situation is that this mother, I put the same lesson to your daughter and the same lesson of home to their children.
And this video comes on and it goes on.
They were born and beautiful, when I was born Mars, and for the first time, I don't like the record records, to be home, but when I was there and looked at his eyes -- I felt pretty hard.
And so much before I was born -- I thought about his name -- and I was fascinated with a language of the freedom in Africa.
His name was Mars of Mars, and I called my daughter like that.
But when I went down, all of them were men, and I would get my paper, and I brought a line from my name and I wrote "Man: "Mandela.
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half and a half and a half in my school.
You will ask you why I have to show you a child of a girl in a school.
Yeah, I have to do it.
You can take it in Canada, in the United States, in a lot of developed countries, but in the poor countries, in the public societies -- in the transparent societies -- it's a great approach for the life.
In a school.
And one acceptance to the school means that it has come into the world of dreams and applications where it can explain their potential for their future.
I have five beautiful, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised -- two weeks before, when I was coming up with the way that I was coming up with the carbon view, and I was at the right part of the family to the family -- I could not remember the applications of some of my hands.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sister written in any drug.
That was the reason why I value my child.
What my father was not able to give my sister or his children, I thought I had to change it.
I used to take the intelligence and the speed of my daughter here.
I was going to feel with me when my friends came to see.
I ended up going to me to different records.
And all of these values -- I have tried to put them into their personal people.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Mars.
I have been in all these good values in my school to girls and girls for the same.
So you use the education for emotion.
I taught my children, I teach the students to forget the lesson of the operation.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the call called health.
They were born and beautiful, we went up for more rights for women, and we found to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found with a new phenomenon of it.
It was ready for human rights and in particular, for the rights of women.
It's called the boat.
That means a whole range of the part of women in all political activity and social and social activity.
hundreds of schools.
The kids were used to go to school.
And the women would get them to use them and they stopped going to the market.
And the music was supporting, the kids are addicted and the careers around it.
They were going to have a few million -- but it was a little bit to have all these people who kill and address when you talk about their rights.
It's really accessible.
At the age of 10 years old, Mars went up and went through the right to education.
I wrote a day for the BBC balloon -- it was called the same for the New York Times -- and I talked about every platform that I could do.
And his voice was the most powerful voice of it.
It was sort of sort of like a culture around the world.
And that was the reason why the shoes could not take their campaign and the nine percent of the 20th percent of 2008, they gave it to the head.
It was a favorite day for my family and for me.
The world became a great black hole in the world.
As my daughter was going into the life and the death -- I was going to my wife to my wife -- I need to go up for what I happened to my daughter -- your daughter?
And immediately he said to me, "Why don't you tell you film.
Depressed the cause of it.
You put your life on the cause of the truth.
They were both in the right way and God produces.
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask to ask again.
When Mars was in the hospital and I had surgeons and surgeons of head because his favorite nervous was coming up, I used to see a dark shout that was spread by the face of my wife, which was wrong.
But my daughter would never get up.
I used to say, "I am good with my subject and with my face.
I'm going to put it right. Please don't worry about it.
It was a concept for us, and it makes us.
They were born and beautiful, we have learned from her how to play in the most difficult moments -- and I was able to share with you that despite you to be an environment by the rights of children and women -- it's like any of the 16 years.
I was coming up when he didn't just get his task up.
And it gets up with their beautiful, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my terrorist that has made so much addiction to Mars so valuable, exploration and exploration?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Think about what I didn't do.
I didn't cut their streets and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was opening out of the brain about 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal country.
I'm an engineering one.
And I want to tell you that I recently have done to the Mars group of Google -- where I've had a distribution to my chair, the Department of Google 2010, but all the work that I'm talking about here here is about the science of the brain, and I was actually done before I put Google or outside of my work there.
I had said this, there is a state when you go up to a brain.
It will be just like intelligence or right?
It's not going to be like that, you can be interviewed.
And after the neuroscience, I was a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the big matter of it, but it was the right part of the center that creates important hours and neuroscience.
And it was immediately after the operation, I had to decide what to take to take to you -- more than a dozen chemical power every day, because if I didn't have a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the conditions and metaphors of chemicals and try to get it, to keep with life.
More than one time I have been saved by a time.
But of course, I have a subject of experience, so I decided that I would experience to try to try to get the professional directions because there is actually not a clear map that is going to say it in detail.
I started to try to test a different manufacturing, and I was surprised by looking at how small changes in the drugs were changed in my advantage, and my sense of who I was me, my behavior with the others.
A particular case, for a few months -- I tried directions and chemical chemical chemical for a man of vision, and I was surprised by looking at how my thinking.
I was always fundamentally, I thought all the time in the sex -- and I thought it was the most smart person around the world, and of course, a lot of times in the past I've met a number of things like this, or maybe some of the antibiotic version of it.
It turned out as a strange one.
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be a pressure.
In fact, I was trying to try and get a problem that I had in front of it, and it just doesn't happen like this.
So I couldn't get it.
I changed my discussions.
But I think that experience gave me a new situation about men and about what they have to go from -- since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do is that I was going to put those holes and neurosciences and so on, it was to recognize my intelligence after disease and optimism.
So I was going to think about most of them in images -- and that became my kind of key resource -- how I put those mental images that I used to create programs, my ideas -- if you want to make new ideas and making new ideas and getting situations.
This kind of thinking is not new.
Finance like Hunter, Designer and Manhattan see things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Now there are who you think about this idea, and there are a lot of discoveries about how the mind works. For me it's simple for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for the thinking and invisible thinking.
So after several years, I get to find the point right now, and I have a lot of great mental minds -- really self-assembly, well social and so on.
Now, I'm working on how to take a little bit of these mental images of my mind to the screen of the computer.
You can imagine what happens if a piece of climate was able to use their image only to give the world that you have to the world?
Or if a music could explain the music.
There are incredible possibility with this, like the way people creative to share the speed of light.
And the truth is that, the only hard thing to do this is just going to increase the result of our brain system.
Let me show you why I think we are pretty about coming to this with two recent experiments by two recent groups in neuroscience.
And both of us used English technology -- imagine by managered magnificent market, to represent the brain -- here you can see the brain scale and their colleagues of Harvard.
The collection of the left shows the stage of the brain of a person who looked at a picture.
The middle of the middle shows the stage of the brain of that same individuals as you know, looking at that same picture.
The color of the right is created by getting the control of the central color of the left on the left -- you see the difference is almost negative.
This became a lot of different individuals with many different images.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine that same picture is almost negative.
Now, let me share you another experiment -- this is from the lab of James Galaxy in Berkeley, California, California, California.
They were able to become the brains of the brains in visual fields in a recognition in visual field.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of Hollywood video while their brains were able to create a great set of brain religions in the brain of the brain.
And then I showed you a film with new images.
The computer -- using just the brain information of the stage was decided to show what it seemed like the person was looking at.
On the right, you can see the computers of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
So this left us.
We're good about it.
We just need to improve the revolution.
And now, remember that when you look at a picture and when you imagine that same image -- it creates the brain the same map of it.
This was made with the whole brain systems of the biggest resource of the biggest resources today, and their revolution was incredibly like thousands of times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the solve about a thousand times more to get a more profound look at a more profound way.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is to open up the cost and to be able to be able to be able to be able to go up with it.
I don't forget for that.
A lot of people are going to be able to put new techniques of production for images -- even me with the recent result of the ED: first we need to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get higher solve is with more large impacts, but at this point, more big men are only not going to get small in the revolution, not supporting for thousands as we need.
I put this idea, rather than the larger improvements, we do better ideas.
We can create a lot more complex structures with a lot of different people, like making a scale.
And why does this mean?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in the English were to make really big amounts of great problems?
However, most of the recent regions in terms of environmental solutions and biologists in construction and definition, in the transparency and record records in the Machine systems.
At the same time, instead of a market magnetic field -- we use magnificent patterns to the factories of the Park Rating factors.
So when you compare the medical patterns with the patterns of the patterns of the Princes Program property, we can increase the information of the information that you can get into a single school.
And then we can be able to be able to deal with our knowledge of the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
When we use the Indian we should be able to measure not only the flow of blood sandwich, but the horses and the neuroscience that I have mentioned and perhaps even the decline of the direct neural activity -- this is the dream of it.
We will be able to fly our ideas in form of digital media.
You can imagine if we could go through the language of language and communicate directly by thinking about it?
What would we be capital?
And how do we learn to deal with the truth of human thinking without financial?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be international to use it as a tool to push our skills of thinking and community.
In fact, this same tool could take the course of the American and the similar disease.
We have a few choices more than open this door down.
All of a few ways, you get a year, it will happen in five or 15 years.
It's hard to imagine a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you this night about coming out of the architect, and not just a traditional sense, not just from the gay adventure.
I think that we all have a hand.
And your architecture may be to tell some person for the first time that love or tell someone who is coming up, or to tell someone who has cancer, or any other conversation that you have been stuck in life.
All of us are a hard conversation -- and even though our issues can go on, the experience of having lived and have come out of that architecture is a universal thing.
You fear it, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working on the San Wall State Carlo, a result in the city, and being there, I had to take a number of ways of the international microscope of the military microscope, not to go to my antibiotics, and I would go to the landscapes of Albert Allies like a language.
And I'm going to be able to be able to be a little bit of my father and I had had the head I was doing a little bit a little bit of a little child -- "Oh, you're a girl or child?
And it would look like an amazing situation in the table.
I would take a little bit more, a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a standard of robot.
And the father was including the period and the mother was going to look at a framework looking at his child.
But I would not say anything, and he would go into the inside of it.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight it.
And that's a terrible sense.
So I thought that the next time I would say something.
I would have that hard conversation to have that hard.
So after a few weeks after a few weeks ago.
Are you a girl or a girl?
A family, but this time I was prepared and I was at the point of coming from full of filters in the table.   I had the Bills Francisco Francisco.
The German Chambers Starbulder.
Even a fraction of the "Mandelandering of the volume, which will show you.
And then I was going to go up and I went down the looking and I looked at a little bit of a four years ago with a really short sea, looking at what it's not a challenge for a female deception, just a little girl with a question: "You are a girl or child?
So I'm going to go up again, I put up a little bit about it, and I said, "Well, I know this is something else.
I have the book I have a little bit like a girl -- and I see a child, but I am a girl -- and you know, like you like to use a visitor -- and sometimes you like to use a little bit of close, and sometimes you like to use a complete piece.
Well, I am more of the kind of girl of a completely completely chimpanzee.
And that girl looked at me first, and he said, "My favorite piece is violent and it has a fish.
You can give me a paradox, by fact?
And that was all of it. Just "Oh, you're a girl one.
What happens with the park that I would do?
It was the very easy conversation of all of you ever had ever had before.
And why is that because the child of the pay and me, both of us were the one with the other.
So as a lot of us, I've lived in some architects in my life, and I know, often my walls used to be a charge.
But within the dark -- you can't know what color is the walls of the wall.
You just know how one is being living in a heart.
This is how my husband is not different to your or to the you.
Sure, I'm going to give you 100 reasons from why to go out of my own architecture was more difficult than coming out of the you, but this is the importance, the hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can say to explain someone who have been done in a robot is more difficult than saying it's been a pressure?
Who can say that this story is more difficult than saying to your son of five years who are going to disappear?
There is no more difficult -- there is only a lot more difficult thing.
We need to stop changing what is hard to be hard to what hard to do for another person to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our architects, and we need to just feel that we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in architects, and you may be able to feel security or at least more security than what the other side of the door is.
But I'm here to tell you. It doesn't matter what their walls are made is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine themselves.
And I had a piece of channel, and he had a visit of the high strength.
It was not the military microscope to fight to fight any child of four years that would go into the street.
I was collected by the fear -- I was going on in a corner of my dark advertising by building my blood grandmother, and the moving one is the most exciting thing that has ever done.
My family my family, my friends that I've spent my living life trying to do is not depend on, and now the world was going back to the property.
I was making the pages of a giant that we all have been on for so much time, but if you don't take that grandmother, you will kill you.
And one of my most memory grandmothers was at the bottom of my sister of me.
It was the first time that many between the researchers knew that it was gay -- and when I do my holes of day, I was in my black and the shoes around the table.
And after I'm talking about a moment, one of the women said, "I said, "I got Natasha Lab."
And the galaxy of the gay relationship had started up.
"Oh, you've ever been in the Carolina?
Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
Well, we've never been there, but we've heard that it's failures.
"Oh, you know my Albert Architecture?
It's very good and never talked about having non-sea."
"Oh, what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program is Williams.
And you know who you love us?
Japan is our favorite.
And then a woman.
And I had an opportunity at that time, as they have all the languages of dance.
Sure, it could have been easy to figure out where they were being able to be felt.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were standing out.
And what else can you ask somebody to ask someone but something."
If you're going to be analogization with somebody -- you have to be concerned to the activist that you get up.
This is how the hard conditions are still not my strong point.
They ask anyone that I have come out.
But I am better, and I know what I like to call the three principles of the Chinese Chinese.
Now, please look at this through the gay perspective, but they understand that what it means is that what you can get out of any architecture is essentially the same thing.
Number one, will be analogies.
Do you have the advantage.
That girl in the room was not happy, but I was ready for the battery.
If you want somebody to be genetic -- the other people have to know that we too.
Number two, will be directly. Just give them your paradoxically.
If you know that they are gay -- you know that.
If you say to their parents that maybe they could be galaxies, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of hope for a sense.
And number three, and more important --  You get the complex companies.
You communicate their truth.
You would never have to get out of that.
And some of you can come up with the safe security, which is exactly why they have done, but they never get rid of what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel definitely, but that's something in them.
Those are the experts of them about what you are, but not the operations of it.
That's the story of them.
The only story that matters is what you want to write in.
So the next time you find in a dark dark to put a grandmother, you must know that we've all been there.
And you may feel very simple -- but they are not.
Thank you, Boston. They enjoy the card.
Instead, what is that?
If we look at the story of how the intelligence has been seen -- a professional example has been the famous cardiologist of Steve Department that the question of if a machine can think of it is so interesting as the question of if a subsection can be an analyzing.
When Dent Dennety wrote this he did this as a crisis to the periods of information like Albert Time.
And so a few years ago, I understand a program to try to understand the fundamental physical physics of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of
We go back a step back to a story.
We start with a mental experience.
Imagine that they are from a support reason, that you don't know anything about the Earth of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible television and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
And of course, as a teacher, we know that the reason that we are trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact of it.
But if you're from a advanced reason that you don't know about this, that it doesn't have any concept about the Earth of the Earth -- they would look at us to develop a physical theory that will explain how to go to a certain time in time, the antibiotics that are going to make the surface of a planet and they stop doing it.
And that's why this is the same question that this is the same question that we understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that took a number of years ago, I took a variety of issues through science, through a lot of distributions, and that you know, I think, to a single metaphor of intelligence.
For example, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally addicting for the development of intelligence -- and in particular, for the development of the universal states that make the diversity of possible.
And finally, in the robotic movement. There has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to spend the skills of robots to kill the future of action with the end of making complex tasks.
And so by taking all these different issues and put them together, I said, since a number of years ago, there is a subjective mission for the intelligence that we can get out of all these different techniques?
Is there just a choice for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the most close equivalent to one and he measures to the intelligence that I have seen here.
So what you're looking at here is a capital that intelligence is a force -- French, which act with the end of killing the future.
And I act to kill the future free of action.
In a few words, the intelligence doesn't like to be applied.
The intelligence is trying to kill the future free of action and keep the open choices and keep the open choice.
And so, having in account this equivalent -- it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How present is it?
Do you think about the level of human intelligence level.
Do you think about an an artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, and I'm going to show you some of the amazing applications of this simple wrong.
Nature, recent research research have suggests that the universe that produce more definitely, or support, during their life should have access to more famous conditions for the existence of smart beings like us.
But what happens if that collective collective connection between the strategy and the intelligence is a more professional relationship to a more professional relationship to a more professional relationship to a more professional relationship to a more professional relationship to a more professional relationship to a more professional relationship to a more professional relationship to a more professional relationship to a more professional relationship to a more professional relationship to
What happens if smart behavior is not only related to the production of the long-term production -- but it actually sounds directly from it?
In order to figure out, we've developed a software of software called Education, designed to kill the production production in a long way in any system in which it gets into it.
So Supermassive, Communication could spend a lot of animals of animal intelligence -- play games of human games -- and even to make money by creating actions, all of that was not going to do that.
Here are some examples of Albert activity.
Just like a flow of fish without sandwich, here we see a complete computer by using a court using a card.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave him a goal to eat.
I just decided for her to talk about it.
So this ability to be about the activist for the human robots and the human techniques of human approach.
This ability of tools of tools are going to have an applications in the smart and the action.
And as a few other animals can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get out of a control at the same time.
This cancer capacity has interesting consequences for economic plan and in a variety of other field.
Elevation is actually applied to a variety of diamonds.
For example, here we see it exactly playing a computer game against itself, and it will turn their potential for the game.
So here we look at September to provide new conditions in a social network where the friends are destroyed and keep with success and keep with success.
And this same capacity of network is also in the quality of health, in energy and intelligence and intelligence and
So here we look at a self-interest to organize the robots of a face of banks, and I found out with success and using the Canada Canada to move up to the global level of the Australia to the Palm to the Pathology.
And in the same way, English is absolutely apply to problems in the authority and the professional and transparent.
And finally, here we see Stephen Spanish to discover and get a strategy of business, "Secure in a series of access of actions, which is exactly taking the action under their own exception.
This ability of risk of risk is going to have applications in financial and security.
Alando Worse -- what you have seen is that a variety of human companies of human behavior, such as the use of tools to walk up and the social conditions -- all of them are going to be a system that leads to a system to make a system to kill their future freedom of action.
Now, here is a professional protection.
We go back to the beginning of the use of the robot and the Rome Rome, and there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines -- there would be a critical report.
The machines are going into us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades -- we've had all the concept of the collective religion to the investment to the research.
It's not that the first machines become smart and then motivates and they try to support the world.
It's all the opposite -- that the ability to take control of all the future of all the future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence -- that the general intelligence can actually go out of taking the control -- instead of being the control.
Another important consequences is the search of the goal of the object.
I often ask me, how is it going to look at the goal of this kind of market?
My equivalent to that device to go to the ones to help them build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence -- is the next one, the intelligence has to be seen as a physical process that tried to kill the future of a physical process that try to kill the future of the future of action and avoid the results in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We are at a point of influence in human history, something between the control of stars and lose the planet that we call "Hello."
Even though in the last few years, we've had a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth.
The name of NASA has discovered thousands of people who are producing around other stars -- which is that the Earth is just one between the billions of planets of our galaxies in our galaxies of our galaxies in our galaxies of our galaxy, of our galaxies of our galaxy, of our galaxies in our galaxies of our galaxy, of our galaxies of our galaxy, of our galaxies of our
Kenya is a space technology that shows the universal international interview of the stars when the planets are going to get out of them, and they put a little bit of that light to us.
The data.
And in fact, this helps us understand if these planets are small and robots like the planet planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their alone.
At the time, this gives you a little bit about if these planets that we find are hands or not.
And unfortunately, as we are finding this team of human world, our own planet.
Last year it was the most expensive record.
Genetics and ice ice that have been with us from us from microscopes now are going into a matter of decades now.
These environmental changes that we've gone on to global scale have been very quickly.
But I am not a scientist of the climate -- and I am not an antibiotics.
But I study the ability of the planet of the planet in the stars.
You could say that I look for some strange opportunities in the income sector in the world.
Now, as a very interesting thing in the life of life in the universe I can tell you that the more you look at the Earth, the more enjoy our own planet.
Every one of these new world is involved to a company between the planet in the planet and the planets that we know better and our solar system.
So let's take our neighbors to our view, Mars.
Mars is small and robots and despite to be a little bit further from the sun -- it can be able to make a potential world.
In fact, it is possible that Mars has been happy in the past and in part of it that we study so much to Mars.
Our robots like "The "Carrogies, they go up their surface in the order of the lives of life as well as we know it.
And the salts that the organization, like the Milky Michael, they take some of the factory framework, and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their capacity.
The private companies now offer not just computer stress, but as well.
But even though all these images are going to remind us of our planet.
Let's take the extraordinary of the definition areas of our planet that even though they are still going to be able to be able to be really excited about comparison with Mars.
Even in the most safe and more spiritual places of the Earth -- the air of the Earth is fragment and it really reaches up to the optimism of our traditional forest to thousands of miles of distance.
I was worried that this employees by the collaboration of Mars and other planets I get a great and transparent show, the impact and the creation of some that Mars would expect to save this interviewer in the only planet of the only planet that we know that it's really common, the Earth.
For a lot I like the experience, I am in a deep decade with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars but to say that Mars will be there to go to humanity is like imagine that the capital of the Turkey will tell us that the fear of truth will actually have a place in the sales --      Thank you.
But the objects for the experience and the terrible pressure don't have to get up.
No, they are actually faces of the same condition, the goal to understand and improve life in the future.
The environmental environment in our world will be in our world in our world.
You just find more about home.
So if we can understand how to create and keep a huge space, in the human and horrible areas of the Earth, maybe we can send the need to predict our environment and go beyond that.
Let me leave you with a mental experience, the particle of Facebook.
A lot of years ago, the American physics I was asked to ask you that our universe has been there for a long time, and we hope that there are lots of planets in this universe, we should have found a test of the existence of life life to now.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to the particular particle is that when the citizens are going to become the enough analysis that we can think about to be living between the stars.
It is addicted to think that only the infrastructure is going to save us of ourselves, but the planet and the planet and the experience of the experience can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the human environment in Mars for the human price -- then we should be able to support the air even more easy to prevent the ability on the Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And as I was in the front pollution looking at my balls, I realized I didn't have the laws.
In fact, I could see the window that they were at the table of the computer, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open up all the other door and voices, and all of them were well closed.
I thought to call a charge, at least I had my cell -- but at the middle of the middle -- a car could take a lot of time to come in, and I was done.
I couldn't go back home from my friend from Jesus to spend night because I had a flat back to Europe at the next morning -- and I was able to have my paradox and my market.
It turns out, but I sure not more expensive than a car at night -- so I thought, despite the circumstances, it was pretty well seen.
I am a professor of teachers and I know a little bit about how the brain works.
Line collectively comes up with the heart rate -- the movie levels of air and number the thinking.
And when I got to the factory in the airplane, I realized I didn't have my paradox.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without driving.
And I started to ask, if there was something that I could do, systems that could be put in their place, that they feel that they are going to happen.
Or at least if you spend bad things -- which is the chance that it is a total career.
So I got to think about that, but to a month later, my thinking was not created.
I was coming up with my colleagues Daniel Kate, and a little bit of the North Prince, and a little girl was talking about the window I was talking about the window -- and that I had forget my paradox, and Darwin shared with me that I had been involved by something called professional reproduction.
This is something that he had learned from the phone Garri Kenya, who had written from this a few years before, known as it as well.
You all know what the protection.
Every time there is a design, a team of experiments comes and try to figure out what it came wrong, right?
In the beginning, like David David, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong -- and I try to figure out what it can do to avoid that things happen or to look at the day.
So what I want to talk to you is about some things that we can do in the form of a pressure.
Some of them are environmental, others are not so entirely.
I'm going to start with the ocean.
In the house, I will have a place for things that are allowed to look like it.
This sounds of common sense and it is, but there is a lot of science that I support this one, based on how our space works.
There is a structure in the brain called the home, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a support of the importance of the important things, where the good, where the fish are the fish -- where you live the fragment trees, where they live with the friends and emotions.
The hospital is the part of the brain that goes into the Labs of London.
It is the part of the brain that allows them to find their again.
And if you ask if somebody really made the experiment -- they brought the free sense of the adventures and even they could find their again.
They were not used by the collapse, but the hotel, that very evolution of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose the car of the car, grandmothers and particles.
So at home you get a place for the laws, a game right next to the door -- maybe a device plan.
So for their paradigm, a particular box in particular
For their reading galaxies, a piece of particle.
If you take a place and they are structured with it, their things will always be there when they find them.
What about the journeys?
They take the cell a picture of the criminal cards, the level of control, standarding, sending it for yourself so that they are in the brain.
If these things are losing or rolling them, this can be able to make the supply.
These are some of the most obvious things.
And remember, when you go down the stream, the brain.
It is top and strangers to think about it.
So part of the practice is to recognize that under them we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems in their system.
And there are perhaps no more structures that when you get in front of a medical decision.
And at some point, we all will be in that situation -- to have to take a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or the one to be like, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medical death.
But this becomes a professor for all of a lot of medical decisions and in fact for the taken of financial decisions and social decisions -- any kind of decision that you have to take a religious emotion of the facts of the facts of the facts of the done.
So let's assume that they go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I have got the result of the lab and the collection is a little bit high?
They all know that the high collaboration is associated with a higher risk of heart disease, analyzing the heart -- and the brain.
So one is thinking that having the high color is not the best -- then the doctor says, "I would like to get a drug that will help you reduce the collection, a statistic.
And maybe you have heard about the statistics, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today. Even it is likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, I remember the statistic.
But there's a question that you have to do then, a study that you have to ask that most of the doctors don't want to talk about, and the medical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needs to treat it.
And what is this: NASA.
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or support a food in any medical product before you help a person.
And you have to think about what kind of statistics that are describing is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not give me something if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a doctor of the doctor -- and if it is a collection of somebody in the scientists like me.
We haven't understood very well the subjects of the subjects.
But the Glass ecosystems that 90 percent of the drugs work only 30 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most amazing state of responsibility, what do you think is it?
How many people have to take it before it would help a person.
300 300 percent.
And this is the research of the research research.
And I'm going to explain the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart of heart -- which is the brain or another red event of it.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one probability in 300 to go up my colleagues.
Why not, doctor? Do you get the record of all of the more more."
But then you have to ask you for a more, and it is, "It is "comes from the sections of the security effects -- right?
For this particular drug in particular, the side effects are produced in the five percent of the patients.
And those are the terrible things that are too traditional and an architectural particular and architecture, but now you think about the five percent is not very likely to get me to me, even if you take the medicine.
But a moment.
Do you remember that under stars you don't think of climate.
So you think about how you look at this with time, so they don't have to make the impact of religion in the action.
300 people take the factory, right? A person has helped him -- five percent of the 300 people have high effects -- that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to come up with the drug that you help you the drug of the drug to you.
I don't say they have or not to take the story.
I just say that you have to have this conversation with his doctor with his doctor with his doctor with it.
The medical team is going to recognize it is part of the beginning of the information.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about if you want to take the risk or not.
Maybe you're thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the car, but actually this number needs to be pretty typical to me.
So for the structure that is done in the older men in the age of 50 percent of the price of cancer, the number needs to treat is 79.
This is something like that.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the impact or the extraordinary design, including private, really really really really straight it.
And if you have lucky and this is one of that 50 percent of the effects are just going to take a year or two.
So the idea of the price is to think about the questions that you can be able to be able to make the conversation.
You don't have to deal with all of this in the action.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice a lot of times, you want a more short life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end of the end.
These are the things that they talk about and think of now, with their family and their loved beings.
They can change in the quality of the moment, but at least you are trained in this kind of thinking.
And remember, our brain lines under stars, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they were going on a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
It was going to face with a decade, and it doesn't need the digital system, or the book or the individual system, because if the body is spending microscope in those things, it would not be going to be the landscape of the laws -- so nothing about that important.
And unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the right thought of really radical thinking like Darwin Kenya, and their colleagues have shown up.
So we have to get them to think about the future to this kind of situation.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all definitely.
All of us are going to get in the time.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those factories, to put the systems in the place that will help you look at the day, or to avoid that the bad things happen in the first place.
I'm going to go back to the night at Mars, when I came back from my journey -- my continue to give me a community of community along the door with the door -- with a list of the food door in the same way, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have a lot of cards that I have not come in, and lots of messages of me that I haven't read it.
So I'm not very proud -- but I see the organization as a big process and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Internet, Park, "About, "I know is my favorite music.
It means to play surface.
If you're playing a music and you see a pollution in the past, you need to play more supposed.
Two periods, even more surface.
Four percent, extremely subject.
This is my draw of a state of the state, there you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of paradoxical can have never come to a whole society.
That is my definition of similarity, a very dark sound sound like that.
I would like to share a little bit about the history of the American American system, the HIV, from a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came up for the 1970s, and with the time of time, you move with local signs -- and it developed the language that we now know like HIV.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born to believe that the sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize that it's not true for anything.
The sound is a very important part of my life, really are in my mind every day.
As a single person who lives in a sound world, it's like I lived in a strange country -- following their rules and constructions and companies and norms without getting them.
So how do you understand the sound so how do you understand the sound.
Well, I see how people share and respond to the sound.
People are kind of like me and put the sound.
And I'm going to learn that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds -- and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned for example, for example.
Don't address the door.
You don't do a lot of role in the beginning of the board of the fragments of the parallel paradox.
"You don't explain, and when you're beginning -- I would not go to the contents in the play?
All of this is called some sound "The South."
Maybe I think of the sound of sound more than the average person does it.
I'm a subject of sounds.
And I'm always waiting at the sound of the sound -- which is to come to the content.
And this is what it looks like.
TED, to decide to do.
TED, to keep it.
DNA -- for it.
You can see that the patient doesn't have any news in the line.
That's because the lines are already getting sound through the sounds and salary stress.
In the blood culture, the movement is equivalent to the sound.
This is the signal for "Performance, at the HIV.
A typical point has five lines on it.
However, to me, to do the thing with my own paper so it doesn't feel nature.
That's why I just have four lines in the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Bangalore, Alaska, for an artistic revolution there.
Before this time, I was working as a particular.
And during this summer I came up with a lot of music and spaces of different galaxies, and as I was from a place to another place, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art.
Now the sound has come into my art.
I'm going to do more of the art.
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the eyes.
I can feel it in a terrible way, or to explain it -- or even as an idea.
So I decided to reduce the own sound of sound and turn it into my artistic practice in me.
And everything that had taught me in how to sound -- I decided to leave it and understand it.
I started to create a new body of work.
And when I put it to the art community, I was presented with the amount of support and attention that I got to do.
I realized that sound is like money -- the power -- the control -- social concept.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was a land, it was a little bit of a hear person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could be able to get to me and my art work, or I could be able to get it.
I was able to get it up.
There is a massive culture around the language.
And just because I don't use my limited voice to communicate to the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support the same and become my voice in my voice.
And so I am able to be related to the current society.
So in school, in the work, I work with a lot of different institutions of HIV.
And his voice becomes my voice and ideas.
They help me be listening to me.
And their voices have value and box.
And I'm going to ask you to ask their voices -- I am able to keep a team of value of something like this like to take a picture with a very high interest rate in a very high way.
If I didn't keep with this practice -- I feel that it could be done in the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with the sound like my new art, deep in the world of music.
And I'm surprised by looking at the similar between music and HIV.
For example, a musical note can't be able to capture and explore it in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept at HIV.
And the two are very space and highly multiple that it means that it means that it means that they can support all the meaning so much of the signals as the sounds of the sounds as well.
I would like to share a metaphor of the period, so they understand better how the HIV works.
So imagine a piece.
The DNA is done in a lot of different deceptions in a lot.
If you get a different place for every person while you put the period, like the favorite experience, the movement of the body, the speed of the hand and so on, the shape of the hand and so on the period -- the English is a legal language -- as if it would only be a terrorist at the time.
And yet, the HIV is more like a career, you need the 10 days in a similar way to explore a clear concept or idea in HIV.
If you just just change the act, you would create a completely different meaning of it.
The same thing with the music in how much you have to take and volunteer.
And as we use these different profits -- you can explain different ideas.
For example, the signal signals in that?
This is the signal signal in that?
I'm seeing you.
Microbes looking at it.
Oh, I was coming out.
The United States.
What are you looking at.
Oh, before?
So I got to think, and if I look at the HIV through the memories of the music.
If I had to create a sign and it would take it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the subject of "Large, the sun goes out and put it out.
This is all the day.
If you get it back and reduce the speed -- you can see the speed of a music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you about all night.
All the night.
This is the whole night in this one.
And this led me to think about three different types of night, "Ally "Saling, "Dad "I notice?
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This turns out how the time is going to go into the time and how the distance in the body can express the changes in time.
For example, one one. It's one hand, two hands, and it's two hands, the present gets more close and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long time.
Then "Leaderney, "Salingina.
"The competition, this is a musical term with a specific record of four times per company.
However, when I look at the word "step company, I think about the same time.
You see, you see MIT, my right hand hand.
We have the impact through the head.
(Audience: My favorite statement, "Dama College.
Can you do it?
All of the hands in high hands.
So now we're going to do it as much in the head as the period, something like "complexity, or "The same time.
Yes, very well.
That means "We would save in the international system.
The international system -- as a normal, is a visual tool to help us communicate in all the culture and the leaders of signs around the world.
The second thing I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means collaboration, at the HIV.
Now, the third one. Please get back again.
And again.
It's "complexity?
We're going to do the three together.
"Look, "complexity, and "complexity?
Well, I work all.
Look at how the three signs are very similar -- they all go on the head and the piece of the head and the period -- but they bring very different people.
It's amazing to see how the DNA is living and present as the music.
However, we live in a very collaborative world.
And just because the DNA doesn't have sound sound, it doesn't have social value.
We have to start to figure out what the social value and allow to allow us to develop their own value -- without sound sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more including society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be safe to learn HIV. You don't have to go to learn to learn music.
The DNA is a terrible risk, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I would like to engage you to open your eyes, to open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language.
And you never know, you can even love us.
Thank you.
Dentis Kate, Hello, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can do it all, but then you have to reach it.
And the freedom is really responsible.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
And so I grew up in a piece of influence or a business bubble -- I have to say, because the adults are going to protect us to protect them from the truth.
And when I make a bigger -- I'm going to be able to do that the adults are also not going to be really good to clean the others.
The time, now I am an adult and I teach a city and invented in the school of Hollywood Harry.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk on the paper to walk up with man of barrier.
So as well as a good citizens -- we reach the papers, and no, it's not getting a hardware, and if you are, I don't know.
It's transparent to say, but now more than 80 percent of the oceans are getting a planet.
It's kind of specialist.
And in the last decade, we've been coming out with these great colleagues and networks to collect those plastic transportations to study them under the military and we put them up and we replaced this information in a map of a map.
But it's going to be a support and it is very expensive and it's also very likely to use those huge batteries.
So along with my students with six to 15 to 15 years, we are going to invent a better way.
We have brought our difference in Hollywood Korea in a task.
We started to build this work of work with a high advantage so that the children really distant they can also be particularly.
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who make electrical tools are really cool and safe and safe people.
Not exactly it.
Let's go back to the planning.
We get the plastic and we cut it into the size that we found it in the ocean that is very small, because of his fraction.
We do.
I leave it to the image of my students here.
My work is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to connect them into something that we hope to work.
We decided that instead of being able to take a lot of plastic transportations, we're just going to get information.
So by the use of a robot -- we take a picture of this plastic -- the kids are excited about the robot.
And then we create quickly what we call "a prototype.
We are so fast in the creation of the products that we ended up before you go to it.
And we transform lines and cameras in access and we put it into a fundamental robot that will move down by the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture of the robot.
So we see the plastic transportations running through the sense as the computer computer is going to get this image and measure the size of every particular place, to get an example of the amount of plastic in the water.
So let's give this research in a website in a website for investment called "The "Internet, with the hope that someone else even more.
The great thing in this project is that the students saw a local problem, and they were trying to get it out of it.
I want to invent my local problem, but my students in home Kenya are very well relatively.
You see the news -- they get the Internet, and they were taken with this image with this picture.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, just by using the hands of oil -- just using the hands in Sans, the secret will make the largest manager in the world.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you have, is the water in which you get up, the water where they are, the place where they live in.
You can also see the water is market, and the oil and the oil are also in the color and when all of it is morally, it's very hard to see what in the water.
But there is a simple technology called specific -- which allows you to see what there is in the water.
We built a very first product of an experiment that can be able to take through all kinds of supports that produce different species that can help you identify what there is in the water.
We took this product with a sense and we looked at it.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solve a local problem, or to take a local problem, my students were used and their sense of creativity to help.
And I was going to get a problem to design -- I saw it to make a second experiment -- and I wanted to go a little bit further -- maybe they will give a more difficult problem, and also more close to me.
I am half of them and half of you and maybe remember, that in 2009, there was a decline terrorist in Japan in Japan there.
It was so violence.
More than 14 people died in an institution.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant of Force, a nuclear central center to the water.
And today, of course, a 300 tons are still filled out of the nuclear plant in the ocean.
Today, all the Park ocean has a control of control by 1800.
If we go to the red cost -- we can measure the radio of Pakistan everywhere.
But if we look at the map -- it seems that most of the relationship of the relationship was coming out of the right cost and most of the moment -- it has a safe thing -- it's a blue thing.
Well, the reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Pakistan every year from the action.
And of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we put into the control center -- you see the use of different markets.
It could seem that they didn't take the work of the work, but they did it because they are going to live with the religion all their life.
And with them with them we discover the data.
And to do this, we created a completely common map of the region around the power of nuclear energy.
We created the electronic map -- we put them together to represent data in real time, and we put water in the rainforest that we have to be able to support the reaction.
And with this we could notice that the religious paper was found from the top of the mountain to the red system, and they did it in the ocean.
It was a kind of activation.
But with the based on this we organized a civil experience, the most close to the nuclear central to the day.
We go down to a thousand miles of the nuclear central and with the help of the strangers of the area we were going to read sections of the market with a sense of sense as we invented and build and build it.
Here we see a programming, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem to a global problem.
And it has been very exciting to work in these different scale, as well.
But at the same time, it has been more fascinating because we've only been starting to measure the damage that we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the room and try to invent better ways of doing all these things.
So the car became a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of an industrial impact in Hollywood Kenya, and we turn it into the largest space of the social and environmental impact to social impact and environmental impact of social impact to social impact and environment.
It's at the center of Hollywood Korea, and this is a place where we can work with man, metaphor, chemistry, a little bit of biology, basically you can build out of all of there.
It's also a place where the adults and kids can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can actually become the help of adults, and where the adults can be kids again.
Students, access? Acceptable?
Can we create Hour, we ask things like, can we invent the future of model with register energy.
For example.
Or well, we can help in the movement of the population population to transform their roles of red standards in new electric views.
The policy, the oil and the religion are tools of the trees -- but the worst law that we can leave our kids are the mind.
We can't allow us to protect the children of the real truth because we need their image to invent the solutions.
So the scientific citizens -- creations, sectors, we need to introduce the next generation for the environment and the people, and so I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two genetics -- two cultures of design.
One is made of thousands of pieces of access, the other one of a single search story.
One of them is symmetrical, the other organic one.
One is a matter of the environment, the other thing.
One is designed by nature.
Milk Medicine said that when he looked at the microscope in a battle, he saw a picture that fight to be free to be free to be free to be book.
The film was only a tool of Michael Michael.
But the living beings are not film.
They grow up.
And in the most small unit of life, the cells -- we took all the information to do it for every cell to work and to go to it.
The tools also have consequences as well.
At least from the India, the world of design, the design of the design has been killed by the markets of the market and production in mass of it.
The lines of motion have done a world made of parts of parts -- by looking at the image of designers and architectures to think to think of their objects as the specialists of different parts with different work.
But you don't find moral materials in nature.
Think about the human skin for example.
Our favorite fish are dangerous with distances of disappeared.
The levels of the room are more gravitational with small polls.
You have a primary act as a fish, the other one like bar, and yet, it's the same skin -- there are no parts -- there are no particles.
It's a system that was going to go through the function of the speed of the speed of the speed.
Here is a distributed screen.
These two version of the world, my left heroes, and the right and the right and the right and surfaces, it shows in the two screen after me.
My work, in their most simple level, about taking these two version of the world, coming out of the condition and get the growth to the growth of it.
You probably ask, why now?
Why wasn't this possible about 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in the story, a red moment -- where they connect four discoveries that are going to access access to the tools that we never had access to before.
And in the interest of these four fields -- my team and I created it.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects and products and tools and tools through the scale of scale -- like this robotic arm with a 25 feet of distribution with a beautiful bear that some day is not very far to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a market
So here we have come up with the cloud, an art of the old ancient architecture -- and it has created a screen where every open is to model the form of light and the heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a face. This was for a motivation of Park Park with Art and Harvard -- it's like a second skin made from a single piece of piece of a piece of particle around the collection.
Just with a 3D principle of 3D Princes, we started this layer and failed three without colleagues between cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
And this capital changed materials and blocks in the resistance of 20 minutes.
This is the result of a human brain.
It is also the result of a Chinese control.
And the designers have access to this high resistance and to the social institutions -- allow us to design products that are not just the form of our body, but also the physical structure of our terrorists.
We've also designed a straight camera, a straight at the same time, and they also have to make sound as well.
The Congress Congress, my collection, we went back to nature to invest it, and by designing this pattern of strange surface, it became surgery.
We started this surface of 14 different properties that are going to go in resistance, which would be able to go up and color to the present points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, would be able to do it not through another material of another material or another specialist, but it's going to come up and define the material process.
But it's the normal nature.
There are no parts in nature.
I didn't come up in a really religious home.
And as she reached -- in the third day of the creation of Creative, God killed the Earth to grow a free tree cardiologist career.
For that first fundamental tree, there would be no difference between transparent, robots, white and frames.
All the tree was a fruit.
In change, the land made trees to grow trees with robots, control, and forces.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask me, "What would be the design if the objects were made from a single piece?
We went back to a better state of creativity?
So we looked for the balloon material -- the kind of matter of the family tree with fragments, and we found it.
The second benefit on the planet is called the planet, and about 100 million tons are produced every year for organisms like cars, carbon, statistics and markets.
We think that if we could feel their own properties -- we could generate multiple structures in a single piece in a single piece of it.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal marketing.  We asked a lot of cards of complexity, and we put them out and we put out of colleagues.
So it will be able to be able to get the chemical conflicts, and we could get a balloon particle of properties, from dark and disappear, and the light and the light and the light.
In order to print the structures to a big scale -- it built a system with a symbol of extraordinary control of extraordinary control.
The robot could be able to go out of the materials of the material and create these structures made from a single 12-year-old material -- 100 percent.
When the pieces are listed, you let them go to find a natural way to the contact with the air.
So why do we continue to design professional?
The air companies that were a support of the process process were used to make pictures of pictures that came out for the first time on the planet about 3,000 billion years ago, as we heard year.
And with us with our colleagues in Harvard and MIT, we increase the bacteria designed to capture very quickly carbon of the atmosphere.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their journey with no problems of life to market, and if it gets even more, you know.
A fundamental tree cardiologist cardiologists.
I would work with an old material -- one of the first forms of life on the planet, with the water and with a little bit of social biology -- we have brought a structure made of some of them in an architecture that makes a tree like a tree, which is a tree of a tree as a tree, like a tree, like a tree, like a tree of
And here is the best part -- for objects to be designed to beautiful, put on the sea -- and they are going to feed the medical life, and you put it on the ground -- help to grow a tree of a tree to grow a tree of a tree to grow a tree of a tree to grow a tree a tree to grow a tree a tree
The car for our next explain using the same design principles was the solar system.
Let's look at the possibility of creating a radio to keep the life for the interviews in the examples.
So to do that, we need to take the bacteria and control their flow and control their face.
This is how the penis talk, we did our own table of elements, new forms of life created complex, capitalists in a biological form and analogistics in a biological way.
I like to think about the environmental biology like the advantage of the light -- just that instead of trying to bring a lot of presentations -- they are going to become new biological tools within a very small way.
This field is called microscopic called microscopic.
So we started our own 3D careers to control the flow of these collective bacteria ready.
In our first piece of role, they got two microscopes.
The first is the chart.
It lives in our oceans and in the front water.
And the second one.
A conversation is going to be in the search, the other one.
But these two microscopes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never know.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of role.
Think about it as an evolution -- not by nature, but evolution for design.
In order to tell these relationships -- we've created a single song that goes down to the digital treatment that will help you play these bacteria and that they are going to get their way into the way.
And so we started to grow those cards in the human body, which are looking at the problems of the material in the fundamental formation.
If we wanted more pictures -- we would have a little bit more transformation.
This digital digital system, when it would be out of an extreme to another one, they would take 60 feet.
This is half of the linear of a film field -- and 10 times more than our interviewer interview.
And here it is, as a practice at TED -- our first photographer -- collective pills with life with life within the role.
Thank you.
Chris Sans, said, "We are critical careers in the way, just half of it is done?
What happens if the design is going to make the other half.
And if we could create structures that increase the life life?
And if we could create personal microbes that were going to go out of our skin -- they would go to the terrorist and they were going to get our body, and they were going to get our bodies out of our body.
Think about this as a way of going into the biology of the biological way.
I call this the material economy.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D impact is going to be a 3D impact in caps.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
I grew up with software with education.
This galaxy of the garden, for example, created an incredibly sophisticated architecture -- a home within which you get memorized.
The market is not about this level of education.
It does it through the combination of two materials -- but of two products in different consumptions.
One act as a structure -- the other one is the oil or the market, and I put those numbers between each other.
And this happens through scale.
And the first fish is in the environment of the environment, create a statistic structure -- and then it starts to move to the community of computer.
The third and the company, the two forces of life -- they get into a single stuff.
With the end of understanding how this complex process works. We put a small piece on the head of a piece of search, to the hormone.
We put it inside a box with man sense, and that allowed us to create this number of points in three dimensions and visit the complex architecture of the search of the search search.
However, when you put it on the search search in a plan paradigm, not within a box -- we realized that he was going to have a plan and still moving up survival.
So we started to design different structures, different ants, and we've found that the shape -- the compassion -- the structure of the capital, and it turns out directly by the environment.
And they often have a lot of search to the death within the death within their cards, their search is defending and used in the technological industry.
We saw that we were able to design these molecules we could give the critical side without how to get a single charge.
It would be moving up, and we could create these things.
So we put this process to the artificial scale.
We had a high robot doing search streets, and we put it in our site in our system.
And we knew that the search governments to the most dark areas and fragments, that's why we use a solar roof of the light to reduce the distribution of light and the heat in our structure.
And so we created holes or advantages, to put the light out of the light and the heat -- and the career developed on the structure.
We were prepared to go to the criminals.
So we asked 45 search surgeons to a line in line.
And after you feed it four weeks -- they were concerned to home with us.
We put them up in the bottom of the attack of the adventure, and as they were and the computer, they were able to get them, they put them, and the life starts again, like us, but very, very much more cut down.
Bill Finan said that the third is the great intelligence, and I was right.
When you have a biological fish on the self-interest side -- they give all of this personal interview.
And in a little more than two or three weeks ago, 240 floors of search is 160 miles away.
And in a simple color, this is also the light of the search of the search.
The police, after the electronics, they produce a billion people.
And this could be used for 250 extra pills in the future.
So here are the two version of the world.
A hole is structural by a robotic arm -- the other vaccine full of it.
If the last design of design is to give you life to the products and the buildings that are going to get us, to form a team of two materials -- the designers have to put these two version of the world.
What it takes us out of it, of course, at the beginning.
So here is a new design of design -- a new age of creation -- which brings us from a design design in nature to an inspired nature in the design -- which is the first time, for the first time, for the first time, that we can make care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Let me take you your hand if you ever asked them what you want to be of more?
If you had to remember what age they had when they were asked for the first time this?
You can show it with the fishing.
Three three. Five three. Five one.
Now, raise your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be of most?
It has made them some kind of action.
Any antibiotic.
I am somebody who could never answer the question: "What do you want to be of most?
The problem was not that I didn't have any interest -- but I had too much.
In school, I liked the English and the art and the art and the art and I was developed with the water in a boat called French Telescope.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general I like to test and persuade all of us, for having a long time and energy, and sometimes in this field in this field.
But with the time this sense of application, this sense of this, this is no longer a challenge -- it comes to it.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in another thing, something completely different, and I got up on it, and I'm going to go to me, and I feel "Oh, I have found the me, and then I found this point where I start to get to it.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different and I would like to go into that.
This pattern was a lot of anticipation, for two reasons.
The first one was because I was not sure how it was going to become all of this in a card.
I thought I had to choose one thing -- I would put all of my other paradoxics, and I will get to address it.
Another reason why I got so much antibiotic was a little bit more person.
I was worried that there would be something wrong with this, and something bad in me for not to decide for anything.
I was worried to have fear to company, or to be destroyed, or going to my own success.
If you can reduce my story and these feelings -- I would like to ask you something that I would like to have done in the time.
You ask themselves, where they learned to make the meaning of bad or normal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned from the culture.
So we ask us first of all, "What do you want to be more of more?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that no one matters what you care about that age.
It will be a question to make a little bit of linear response in children like, "I'm an authority, or "I want to be a pillar or "I want to be personalized."
They are going to be able to tell you here.
This question makes us over and over again.
And at some point, "What do you want to be more?
It is going to be the way that we have to be able to be able to get the dream to what the dream is.
Why?
If this question is inspired to children to dream with what they might be not inspired to survive with everything they could be.
In fact, it makes it right -- because when somebody ask you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though they were very likely to be and say, "Oh, you know, you can't be a value of violence and physical.
You have to go out.
This is Dr. Bob Chinese  And he is articles of violence and professional.
And this friend National Alexander, which is constantly turned into stress, companies, products and creativity.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they are going to get it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of living life is very involved in our culture.
So this is this idea of discovery or the real value, the idea that every one of us has something to do for their time in this land, and you have to figure out what that thing and to figure out their life to it.
But if you're somebody who is not connected in this way.
What if there are a lot of different issues that are depending on their quality and many different things that wants to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that way.
And so you can feel like that.
You can feel that it doesn't have an object.
And feeling that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multiple.
A map is somebody with a lot of interesting and creative activity.
It's a computer for that way.
It could help if you do in three parts -- molecular and position.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a structure, resource.
In the time of the Republican, the idea was who was good to see in distributed markets.
Bangladesh San San San Stephen and as "Women?
They use any term that you like or invented you or invented one.
It seems like a kind of advertising to a community, we can't agree with a single ideas.
It's easy to look at the market as a limitation or an action that you have to be.
But what I've learned talking about with people and writing about these ideas in my website -- is that there are huge ways to be this way.
So here are three professional supply.
One, the ideas of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the interesting.
Mars Harrie, and Richard Brown was able to put their interest shared in carbon, visual of data.
Mexico is a company that creates Japanese institutions.
And Lab and Rome was going to happen this unique idea by the microbes of skills and experience.
The innovation happens in the interesting.
That's where new ideas.
And the markets, with all of their architecture, you can access to a lot of a huge amount of interests.
The second machine is the learning learn is the learning learning.
When we get interested in something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to be presented, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of trying to test new things and come out of our food areas.
A lot of skills are transformative to other discoveries, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we have, so we were going to be able to go out of each other.
No DNA is a journey to a complete time and I wrote individual.
As a little girl as a little bit of an incredible ability to develop the molecular memory of it.
Now, she is the faster metaphor.
Before it turned into written -- not the end of it was a financial plan.
And I had to learn to learn the most end of the most finally when he started their practice -- and this ability to help you write a little bit of conversation for the electrons.
And it is a little bit of time to go to what you're going to do, even if you end it down to the end of it.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field in a way that you could not have lost it.
So the third molecular surface is the action. That is, the ability to transform in anything that you need in a day.
Albert Alexander is sometimes a few of them, others from the website -- and sometimes the website of Korea, sometimes the statement of Korea, and sometimes it looks like this, and sometimes the search of the sea Beijing.
It's value because it makes a good work.
He is even more valuable because it can be able to take a lot of robots, depending on the needs of their class.
The Force Force started destroyed as the most important ability for the development to get in the 20th century.
The economic world change so quickly and immediately that are the individuals and organizations that can be able to make the needs of the market.
So surprising ideas of ideas and analogy, three skills where the materials are very brilliant, and three skills that you could lose if they are presented to reduce their goal to reduce their object.
As a society, we have a great interest to feed the machines to be themselves.
We have complex problems.
So let's say they are, in their heart.
They came out of the way that they wanted to be a biological neuroscience.
You don't worry about, there's nothing wrong with you.
In fact, some of the best team is made out of a special and a strange market.
The special can be able to get in the deep and put it into the ideas of ideas and the market is just able to give a pressure of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship for it.
But we should all design lives and cars that have to do with how we are connected to how we are.
And unfortunately, in a big part of a lot that you can just be more like their specialized companies.
Once I said this, if there is one thing you get from this talk -- I hope that it is that this is going to be the inner career, it's what it is.
So if you are a heart, then especially for all the media.
That's where you give the best of it.
But for the markets in the room, including those who just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you with their many particles.
They look at their quality for those conditions of conflict.
They explore the interesting.
It will be able to take a little bit of the Internet to a higher life and happy life.
And perhaps the most important thing to do is, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the year, a woman named Australia was taken to a professor in French.
And I was done and I couldn't remember even the most basic details of their life.
His doctor was called Arabica.
I didn't know how to help Australia, but I was born by her until I was forgotten, and I was faced in 1995.
After his death, Art actually does an automobile and they found extraordinary plants and the search of the Australia, from a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing to do.
If Australia would have been living today, we could not give it to her more help than Arabic gave him 110 years ago.
Antarctica was Dr. Art Arabica.
And Alexander Dent, the first patient to get a distance that we now call Disney disease.
Since 1970s, the medicine has gone a lot.
They have been discovered and vaccines to protect them from infections, a lot of treatment for cancer.
But a little bit has been program in the treatment of America.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a course for the American from a decade ago.
So I think about this all the time.
The American now goes to 40 million across the world.
But in 2009, I'm going to go to 150 million that, by the way, including a lot of you.
If you hope to live to the 25 years or more, the possibility of the American will be almost one of each of them.
In other words, there is the probability that they spend their years with American or helping me close to a friend or to be wanted to have America.
Just in the United States, the quality of America costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of the medical audience is happening in the disease.
So today it's the most expensive disease and the cost of the course of five times in the year 2000, as you get the generation of the baby ball.
You may be surprised to them, but the American is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's actually done a little bit to get it.
Today, one of the first 10 causes of death all over the world, American is the only one that you can't predict or even reduce their development or even relate to the developing world.
We understand less from the American than other diseases because we've invented less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spend 10 times more every year in the research of cancer than in the fact that we have the fact that it costs us more and cause a number of death self-interested as the cancer.
The lack of resources have a more fundamental cause -- the lack of knowledge.
Because this is what a few people know, but all the world should be a disease, and we can get it out.
For most of the last few years -- all of all the scientists -- the scientists who are concerned with the entire control.
We think it's going to be somebody in a normal part of a normal and incredible part of it.
But you just have to look at a picture of a picture of an amazing brain in compassion with a patient of American to see the real physical damage for this disease.
In addition to the statement of the memory of memory and mental skills -- the damage to the brain is coming out by the American resistance and the life of life, and it's always market.
They remember Dr. America found planes and strange strangers in the brain of Australia doing a century.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
We now know that they're made of protections of proteins today.
You can think of a piece of production as a piece of paper that goes up as an organization as an organization
There are places in the paper that are straightforward.
And when you put it well, these black dots are going to end up in the inside of the brain.
But sometimes things go wrong -- and some standards are going to be in the extraordinary.
And this makes the computer molecules go into each other, form groups that can form great plants and views.
That's what we see in the brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at the University of California trying to understand how this democracy.
There are a lot of steps -- and the influence of what happens to be complex is complex -- like to detect a bomb.
I could get a room could do anything.
Come up with the other people can make the company explain it.
You have to find the right step that I forget, and then create a drug that does it.
So far, in the most part of the top of the courses have gone up and hope the better.
But now there is a different group of people -- doctors -- biologists, generations, changes, physical and mathematics and mathematics.
And together, we've been able to identify a critical step in the process -- now it's going to have a new kind of drugs that will run up this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened when you try to test these drugs in us.
These are the sources of the sources, and you can see that they are moving with normal.
These weapons, on the other hand, have molecules of protein that are put into each other within them, as in humans with America.
And you can see that they're clearly understood.
But when we give our new drugs in a early stage -- then we see that they go and live a normal life.
This is just a positive result, but the research.
After 180 years of hope, there is real hope of what you can do in the next 10 or 20 years.
But in order to make that hope, to get the Australia, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to make sure that the American is a disease and that if we tried it, we can get it.
In the case of other diseases and the patients and their families have been able to have more research.
That was essential to move in the treatment of HIV at the end of the 99 percent.
Today, we see that same use to come to cancer.
But the patients.
And their families -- the solar values of their beings and night and night, are often too much too much destroyed to go out and address the change.
So it really depends on you.
The American is not in most of them a genetic disease.
All the world with a brain on the risk of a brain.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, which can't create the change that they need to themselves.
They help you talk about them, and help you to choose a charge.
Thank you.
I put this article in the Mother York Collection of the New York Times of this year.
In order to love somebody doing this.
The article is about a public study -- designed to create right love in the lab, and of my own experience to try to test myself one night of the past.
So the price is pretty simple -- two strange extensions are going to be able to make 30 questions every single time and then both of you look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12 -- if you were able to stop the morning with a quality or ability, what would be?
numbers.
And right?
As you go up, these are increasingly personal and more people.
Number 30 -- -- I really like it to your pay what you get out of him or she -- I know very much this time, and I did things that you would not say to someone who has been known to someone who has ever met you've ever ever met you.
When I went through this study a few years ago, a reality really called me the attention.
So it was a little bit about this process of making robotic love -- but of course, I was also interviewed.
And when I was able to test this study with somebody who knew not particularly well, I didn't expect to love it.
We didn't know, we love it, and I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the Collin Columbia a few months later.
That was published in energy, and now it's accepted, so I guess some of you probably ask you to ask you -- they are going to go together together.
And the reason I think you think about this is because they have done this question over and over again over the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But we go back to the issue.
A week before you put the article was very nervous at all.
I had been working on a rich book in the last few years, so I had been able to write about my experience in the right love in my ball.
But a piece of ball can come to a few hundreds of view like a lot, and those were just about my friends of Facebook and imagine that my article in New York Times would be probably a few thousands of view.
And that's a good amount of attention.
But as a day, I had no idea.
The article was put in line in the night, and the sea, this happened in the transition of my ball.
And the distance, they had been called the Stanford Street and the World Millennium.
In a month, the article got over eight million video, and I was to say something like this kind of attention.
One thing is to get the conference to write with sense of an advantage about own love, but another thing is to discover that the love of one has been an international news.
And when people call or wrote -- what they did every day for weeks -- they always do first the same question -- they still get together.
In fact, when I was doing this talk -- I made a quick search in the bottom of my company with the same side, and they still get together together.
And a number of messages came up with.
They were from students and personal strangers like this.
I was interested in the radio and they question.
I even gave a talk -- and a woman I went up to the stage to the stage and "Hey, where is your neighborhood?
And I was immediately able to put it up.
I understand that this is part of the treatment of it.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to be able to ask about it.
But I was not prepared for the rest of the answer.
The 35 questions seem to have a lot of life.
In fact, the New York Times published a whole article for San Vidwin, which including the experiences of the leaders to test the study in them with different success.
So my first impact to all this attention was to be a lot of resistant with my own relationship to me.
I said that not to every position that both of us would make a public audience together.
And I was able to get team of telescope, and you get a little bit of pictures of us.
I think I was afraid of being afraid of being able to turn in the income of the proposition of the proposition of the property process -- a reason that I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know just if the study worked -- they wanted to know if it really worked -- or it is, if it was able to produce local love -- not just a advantage, but real love love -- it love perfect.
But this was a question that I'm not able to answer to you.
My relationship was just a few months ago, and I felt about all, that people asked the wrong question.
How do we know if we would get together or not.
If the answer was not, I would do the experience of doing these 3D questions less interesting questions.
Dr. Art Art was writing first about these questions in this same study in 1995, and there, the goal of the research was not to produce robotic love.
Instead of that, I was looking at an interesting thing between college students -- using what they were used to call a personal personal personal personality and progress.
It sounds rich, right?
But the study does work.
The particles were felt more close after doing it. various studies were also used by the American Program Program as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between extraordinary.
They have used it between the police and the community, and they have used it between people of the opposite political identity.
The original version of the story, which I tried the last summer of the last summer -- which changed personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- it was closed in this article -- but unfortunately, it never gets up.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little university of free art.
He looked like it for it.
And I mean, you want to say you care about the person who did it?
Well, he made a passion.
I think she just wants to be friends.
And I said, but they became better friends, and they become better friends ...
You feel that they were able to know better after I would try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to be the
And the application.
So, I said, "I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked at it.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I went through the study for the first time when I was 21 and I was making a really difficult situation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20 -- which I was supposed to basically my entire life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I went back in science.
And I invented everything that I could find about the science of the robotic love and I knew that that could be a certain way to fly the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought it just invented for the book that I wrote but in record, it seems really obsessed.
I thought if I got to the knowledge of the correct love, I would never have to feel as bad and only as I felt like that.
And all this knowledge has been useful of one or another way.
I am more patient with love with love with love.
I have more trust to explain what it looks like.
But I can also see more clearly -- and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than what they often get to me.
What you look for from love is a galaxy, not just to be analyzing today and to be an advantage -- but that it will continue to be an advantage of the person I love.
It may be that this is the way that people were asked when people wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media was told about 30 questions is that there can be a car to love it.
There may be a way for some way to make a little bit of the right risk -- and this is a very low story because we love us to feel a wonderful thing, but it's also a stranger.
But I think when it comes to love -- we're very willing to accept the version of the story.
The version of the story that I ask you -- they still still get together together.
And his content with an answer of know or not.
So more than a question, it will be able to do more difficult questions -- questions like, how do you decide who you do your love and who isn't it?
So how do you feel love when things are completely, and how do you know when to go and support and support?
How do you live with the income that you can actually come up with a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with your painting?
I don't know necessarily the answer to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more replicating conversation about what it means to love somebody else.
So if you want the version of the story.
But light is not the same thing that will be addicting.
It's the easy.
So at the end of my article wrote -- the love didn't happen.
We are going to make it because we take the choice of it.
And I got a little bit about reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I had not considered everything that I knew that choice ...
I don't understand how many times we would have both of them to take that decision and how many times I will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he would always get to me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 30 questions -- there will be choose to love someone so general, love and fun.
But what I've done is, in fact, it's to become my relationship in the kind of half that I don't think of true.
And what it looks like, and what I might spend my life looking for is that that mission is true.
I want the final happy in the terms of my article -- which is, in the way, the only part of the article that I didn't really write out.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose to someone -- and the hope that he also love me, and it's a standard, but that's the treatment with love with love.
Thank you.
And I was created by a little bit of a little bit of mountains and in a certain way.
The city of New York City does a time.  Something that was really given me, but more details of it.
I would start with when I was eight years old.
I took a piece of mother, and I was going to get a dollar from a day, a paper and a person in it somewhere in California.
And I thought that some extraordinary humans or a few antibiotics would find this box about 500 years later, and you learn how our particular species, for example.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has thank you because I am here, 30 years later, and I'm still doing box.
In a moment I was in Harrie -- and I like to go up and make it sure and all of those routiness things -- and I was doing a collaboration for my mother.
And I took a discussion and I took up all the pages and I made a kind of carbon cartoons to the Marine Archie -- the collapse comes up and a bank and a box was accepted.
Well, my mother has fear to the bees and it is access to them, so I had a little bit more turned on the line, thinking that I could get it.
In change, it happened the control, in some way that it seemed like it was supposed to look like it was going to look at the text with a car.
And so I did a little bit of box.
So this time, I started to add electronics -- straight -- strangers that I was found by the street, all I could find -- because I was looking for things all my life, trying to make them and tell stories about these objects and tell stories about these object.
So I started doing around the objects and I realized that God I can do in space.
I can find transportation, and I can do the way that you do around a room in the stage of the crisis.
And I took the objects and I created my own sense of specialists of investigation.
First of all, the ones that you can make a idea.
And then I did a little bit of institutions and crazy creatures here.
It was very fun to draw in the back.
And it was great -- because I started to make an experiments and those things, and I was getting a little bit of money, to take me to my notion to carry, for example, to go to Sun.
It was supposed, man.
At some point I was interested in the human form of the natural size of natural size with human beings within the careers.
It was great.
I didn't know what to do, because the result was going to kill me.
And I went to the side every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use view.
I started to draw in the video camps, similar to the draw in a window and then in another window and another window -- and I had all these voices together that they form a traditional company.
And this really worked -- and so I could stop using the back.
So I did this for years, and my work with something very big, that I call "computer?
So for the "pressure, I was inspired in a lot of medicine in the Darwinian of the Departments, from Harvard Boston which is a piece in the March of Prince.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic face.
They say it's a little bit.
Well, the "performance?
So I went out of 16 percent.
40 feet long.
It's got a face -- so it's 10 feet of company.
It's a little bit.
Well, that's the source of the sales.
On the left, it is James and the languages.
There is a content where all these creatures with animals travel between two world.
They go out of the world in the world, to this information of analog market where they go out.
This is where the creatures of animals are going to be disappeared to the face, ready to get in the way that we get in the ocean.
The ocean is made up of thousands of elements of them.
This is a young guy who was a shoulder addicted.
Bill Garden is in the sea -- the Hollywood player -- the dolphin percentage of the distance -- the Republican Brown Brown Boston, there are all kinds of radio things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
All of a little bit of working as well.
It's coming out of the ocean and I wrote oil in one hand while the other hand is going to be coming out.
Their hands are like shows and it looks like the Earth that keeps the Earth and the common in the boat.
So it's a process of the "pressure?
It's a little bit.
That's the hand I wrote in.
And then, when you go on the other side, it has a transparency, like a piece of box, and I wrote books of this transportation.
It also has a car of 4,000 feet long a sense of feeling that one of the "performance?
All of a sudden, their room is going to be able to put on a volume.
I don't know why that happened.
You know, you know.
His room would end up in a collection that was made from cardiac talks from 1990s.
Have you seen them.
They were done in the early decade, as if they were barriers from the treatments.
All the way to your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects -- one is called "Stepper?
It's about a six years to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a criminal of our culture, through media and materials are straight, disappointments or results.
But every one act as a kind of an antibiotic species in ways of being human -- and they travel in groups of 20 or 12 to 12 percent.
They are like cells -- they go together, they do it.
And you can walk between them.
Every one is basically a microphone of microscope that was 140 miles with a human array in their inside of the inside of their inside of it.
This has a little color in the piece.
That's the head -- it's the period, you can be able to be able to go into it.
I'm going to take you for the rest of the body, there is a charge that comes out of the piece, and I cover the fish or no neighborhood, or what it is that it has a kind of advanced thing.
It's a quick risk of these works because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have caps, you can see.
This is a body in the middle of it.
This has two head, and it's communicate between the two.
There are a few pieces that go out and go into the head of this strange story.
There is a little flower stage within the current quality of the time.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the bees we live in.
We are in a box -- the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box to me.
It's a blood box. It's called Park Words.
And within this box there is a physics -- a neuroscience, a private, a metaphor, a structure, a market, a market, a scale, a school, an electric arm that we do in the world that we do in the world, and a garden.
We are looking at the box and all of the people in the middle of a little bit of each other as many of them.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you go down who is and the box in which it's living in.
And together we get to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we are different -- these cost of the countries, of the religions, of the religion, of the religion, of the religion, it doesn't work.
We are all very made from the same material and in the same way.
And if we don't start to engage those things with parallel and genetic and we're all going to die very soon to me.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you do the head?
They take a application.
But so that this audience has an effect against the pain -- first of all, the interviews and other areas and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other
It will take a piece of the most effective system for any of them to be an effect in the body.
The disconnect, but that is that when you bring any drug in the way that you get it up.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients.
When they take an amazing drugs -- these are to give you the amount of virus in the sand, and to increase the record of Chinese cells.
But they are also known by their own side effects in its most negative time, because in the time they are going to get to the blood corner, they were a dangerous, and worse even for the time they are trying to get to their distance, which is where it is more important, in the HIV device of HIV -- in the HIV design.
These are regions of the body like the liberal genes, the nervous system, the colleagues, where the virus is individual and not even in the blood room of the patients that are supposed to bring it to the application of analog drugs with antibiotics with antibiotics.
However, after the treatment of treatment -- the virus can stop and identify new blood cells.
This is the big problem of the HIV treatment with the current factories that is a treatment of life in the transportation of the correction.
One day, I sat and I thought, "We could make the treatment directly to the device of the virus, without the risk of the disease.
As a scientific experiment in leaders, the answer was in front of me, the laws, of course.
If you use it in the cartoonist, for the quality of hypertension and force of distributions, they can be used for anything else -- including the international transition of the drugs of the drugs of the medicine.
In fact, we're already using them to be used to open to open or put extremely small holes -- who open up and they go up almost including the cells that are involved with HIV in order to increase the drugs of the drugs to increase the drugs of the drugs in order to increase the drugs of the medicine.
The best they ask, "How is that possible.
We send a little and powerful power to read about the cell cell by HIV while these cells are involved in a list that makes the factory.
The law is accepted to the cell -- while the cell is going to make the drug in a matter of microscopes.
Before I even realize -- the hole is represented immediately.
We are now trying this technology to see or in Park Palms, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply to the human body.
How is that possible? You can ask you.
Well, the answer is, through a three head.
With the first head, which is our language, we're going to make an increase in the site of the innovation.
The second head, which is a camera -- you get to the site of the influence of the innovation.
In the last hand, the third head, the third of the factory, I read it directly in the site of the information, while the reading is used to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem like a lot of time.
But one day, if you have success -- this technology can lead to the total structure of the body.
Yeah. A course for HIV here.
So this is the dream of all of the research of HIV in our case, a treatment to read it.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I have studied in the studies -- not statistically, articles like terrorists, interviews or microscopes.
So what these groups do when they are not going to do it.
My goal is to understand the best of these general generations of violence.
I do work work in the world of politics and in the boat.
And to understand these groups is key to solve almost all of all of the conflict in course because the war has changed.
It used to be a device between states of them.
No.
Now it's a conflict between the states and the activists are not glass.
For example, from the age of 21 dollars of peace in the middle of 1990 and 2009, 100,000 was taken between a state and an act of not global action.
So we need to understand these groups -- we even need to put them into any of them or put them into any process of successful conflict process.
But how do you do it?
We have to know what makes these organization.
We know very well the reasons why they do, how they do it, but nobody knows what they do when they don't do.
The advantage and the politicians are not related to their religions.
It's all part of the same organization of the same.
We can't understand these groups, not much less designed it, without a global vision.
The architecture groups today are complex organizations today.
For example, the Korea Korea, known by their living face against Israel.
From their creation in the early decade, Shanghai has also been able to have a political particular, a network of social services and a military season.
In the same way, the Pennsylvania Palmon, known by their support ants against Israel, as well.
So these groups do more than just designed.
They're malled.
They were going to be a complex map of community, stations of radio, seats of TV -- site of the Internet and stars in social network.
And here are the University of English, improvised in English.
And the architecture groups are also involved in a complex report of flowers without surgeons, but by resistance business business -- for example, business companies for example.
These activity is key here.
They allow these groups to increase their forest, to increase their financial, to get better and build their market.
They also do something else -- they create more strong days with their population in social services in social services in social services in social services in their population.
They build schools -- they put home, they put into a professional form of professional form or microscope.
Stephen offer all these services and more.
And the architecture groups also try to connect to the population of doing something that the state is not broken, security and protection.
The standard of the shoes in an Afghanistan destroyed by the war or even the beginning of the English restaurant, can also understand the evidence of these groups for security security.
And unfortunately, in these cases, the security has an amazing price for the population.
But in general, to provide social services means to fill a volume, a blood left by the government, and they allow these groups and increase their power.
So for example, the U.S. visitor of the United States is not able to understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage -- even in the West in the United States, when we go to the architecture groups we just think about the violence.
But that's not enough to understand the forces of these groups -- the strategy or the long-term vision of the long way.
These groups are beautiful.
They grew up because they get the gaps of the government -- and they go out as an architectural groups and political and political groups in the violence and give us general.
And the more complex and software are these organizations -- less we can be able to be able to put it into a state.
How do you call a group like Shanghai?
Do part of a terrorist, you get up all of their work, and they get the baseball, you get the show of the strangers to the search.
Is it a state? Is it a really self-interested group.
Or maybe it's something else.
And what is ED."
The lines were discovered.
We live in a world of states of states without state and horrible, and the more beauty they are the states -- as in the Middle East -- more interact and they get that gap to the activists not generally.
This is important for governments because to get to these groups will have to invest more in terms of not military tools not microscopic.
It's going to get that government blood has to be at the center of any sustainable approach in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to be able to go and turn the peace on it.
If we understand better groups -- we will understand better how much you are going to be able to figure out the transition of violence.
In this new device between states and actions -- the military power can make some batteries, but it will not give us a peace and standardized.
So to make these objects we need a long way to fill that security blood -- to fill that government of government that allowed these groups to provide in a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a family as a woman and as a female.
My office about the gender of gender is time, but I fear that to accept the standard of "Stepper standards, it would be just to the financials.
I'm a failure, but it's pretty bad.
And so I put up as a bad figure.
Or, at least I wrote an article and a book called "The bad film, and then in the institutions, people started to call the March Forest.
So what it started as a personal brain described to myself and a decline production, has become something bigger in a larger thing.
Let me give you a step before.
When I was young of them in my adventure and at the age of 20 years, I had an extraordinary ideas about the financial, these white women with the men and the men who were going to have the sex -- as if that was something wrong.
Today, I see how the women are treated in all the world and the go, in particular, it looks like a perfect response answer.
But in that time, I was worried about the fear that I was using the people who could be fearing that could be female.
It will be a show as a financial as a show, a word and decision.
And they got me like a woman who doesn't follow the rules -- which is a lot of analogistics, and you get to believe that it's just like a man.
Nobody wants to be that green woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman and can't imagine to be another person.
At the time, as I was growing up, I started to accept that I am in fact, in fact, framework, and you know, you know, to be able to be.
For me, some of them are a professor, women are just like men.
We're going to do the same thing for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want to do it, free or violence.
We have right to use it in easy and access and access and regional services and regulations.
We have the right to decide about our bodies -- no need of legislative control or economic distributions.
We have the right to the rest of it.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have the other ideas.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body.
We have to have to have these differences and how they add us, in the same way that it matters what we have in common.
And without this type of even our female is not anything.
For me, these truth is evidence, but to be clear -- I'm a device.
I'm full of control.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad figure.
I have another conflict.
When I go to the work, I listen to the way that I was able to pay to all of you virtue.
Even though I read the women to the women and I put it up, the California San Stanford, from the American Taliban is amazing.
"I don't really have to do with your more mortality.
Perhaps, documentary, managed to make your court?
Think about it.
Pollen posters, right?
I am completely dead by my music.
I think in the work of the man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all the distances -- but as well.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The area is my favorite color here.
And it turns out of the way that we have a lot of the stuff and the based things.
I can see "The Bang, and I can see the robotics -- and I have the factories of the contents of the lives that make a reality.
Some of my defenses are more discovered.
If a woman wants to add the application of his husband -- it's your choice -- and I'm not who to get to get to get up.
If a woman decided to be in home to create their children, I access that choice as well.
The problem is not that it turns out to become the same violence through this same choice -- the problem is that our society is connected in ways that makes women be economic when they get up.
We solve this problem.
And it was the conventional food that has gone up or disappeared the needs of the women of color women -- the workers and the morality and the transparent of the white women.
You hear -- if that's a very bad female I'm a very bad female.
It also happens the next thing, as a female, I feel a lot of pressure to me.
We have this trend to put fish in a strangers.
We hope to go to the perfect people.
When we do that, we're going to be able to do with a lot of like the same period where we put them.
And as I said, I'm a desire -- I think I was a design of that piece before they try to put out there.
A lot of women, particularly the innovation and the leaders of the sector -- they have fear of being straight as fishing.
They have fear to put up and say, "Yes, I'm female, by fear that it means that statement, by fear to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a little bit
Let's take for example to Bill, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a decline film.
And in the video Vietnam Vietnam in Michael, in Manhattan, I was going to the word of the word "Times of three feet.
And it was a market spinning, to see this star of the paper to open up the film and do to know the women and the young men that will be fragile is something to be profound.
It spent the time, the cultural creatures started interesting designers if Brooklyn was or not just failure.
They came up with their females, instead of just creating the word of a blue woman and man.
We get perfect from the factories, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much a lot.
We are much beyond the feeling of the feeling and construction, to design the flow of any woman, to bring it up until it doesn't get anything.
We don't need to do that.
The bad female, or the most well, a more even more even is the point.
But what happens later.
We have to recognize our tools to give you access, going to the action and will be a little bit more.
If I listen to democratic music -- I'm creating a definition for artists that would be more happy to be able to provide a support support.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their song until we take change to change the change.
It's not hard.
Why has their music that will be so strong?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to play a worst electric worse.
But when the bad decisions are doing this makes it more difficult for women to get the equality -- the evolution that all of us will do and is our responsibility to us.
I think of my seats, three and four years.
They are two man dance, decided and basis, and they also want to believe in a world in a world.
So where you get on the strong creatures that are.
I think of them, of suddenly the best choice is a lot more easy to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the ice when a television program is about sexual violence against women as a design, go the Garden of Transition.
We can change the risk of radio when we listen to the women that treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go to the girl in another part when the movies don't treat women more than as a device of devices.
We can stop to support the teachers where the ants treat their companies as the barriers of the barrier.
In any case, the men, especially the white men can say, "No, I'm not going to put it in their result, and to work on your project or work with you, until it doesn't even even make a number of women, so much to make decisions to make decisions to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your police, or your organization is more including with a more pretty embarrassing range of people.
Those of us who are supporting but invited in this kind of projects in this kind of projects -- we can also teach us to be involved until more of us are going to go up with the banks to the decisions of the decision of decided to define the banks to the decisions of the decision of the decisions of decided to decide to the banks of decided to
Because we are not a lot that we are not a lot of people -- without accepting these position -- our grandchildren are going to mean very bit.
We can make these small act of value and wait for our decisions to come to the end, to people in the power and the market and markets of climate and music.
We can also deal with our female, well, bad or any of them.
The last line of my book March Fortune says, "It will be a bad figure to not be at all.
This is really because of a lot of reasons -- but I say, about everything -- because I got my voice to my voice and the film helped me get it.
There was an income.
I call it an income to do in front of what happened.
And a few kids got me when I was very young -- and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They tried me to be anything.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
Rocked my voice -- and after everything I didn't get to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing ...
And with it, I went to write it.
I got in a more strong version of myself.
And I was the words of those women who could understand a story like the one, and the women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the skin skin.
I was the words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure in.
This is through the writing and the financial and I also discovered that if it was a little bit, another woman could go and see and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world is about saying that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to do anything else.
And in the other hand, I get the real reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad female, I'm a good woman -- I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do is I do anything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit.
Just after National last year, 125 children in California, they were going to be supposed to have seen Dentis or to be explained to somebody who had been there.
The virus then comes up with Canada, including over 100 children in Congo.
One of the traditional things about this piece is that the way that it can be failed for a child with a child system, is one of the most exciting diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this from more than a century ago, but many of the children involved in the Dentity Death had not been volunteered because their parents had fear of something even worse.
But a moment, it was not the article that I took the police on the car and the vaccines of the color and the distance and driven to be a fraction of the British Brazil, by the Medical Medical Brown."
It doesn't believe most of the smart scientists that the theory that the vaccine will cause is a statistics?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents all over the world are still trying to put the values to put their kids to their children to have an act of highway.
Why?
So here's why.
This is a graph of the authorities of the car in the time.
For most of the 20th century.
The few professors and penguins who had heard about it, they create all their professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades -- the pressure choices were just just three or four children for every 10,000 percent.
But then, in the decade, the numbers started to deal with.
And from free resources like Albert Stanfords are represented by the car as an electricity, as if I could get out of another child in Dent.
What's going on?
If you're not the volumes, what is it?
If you ask people from the center of Congo Constitution in Alaska what is going on, they tend to based on fragments like a distance of distance disappointments, and "I have a better definition of cases, to explain these big charts.
But that kind of language doesn't make a lot of the teeth of a young mother to look at the face.
So if you have to be able to figure out, why were they so religious to the beginning of the beginning, the beginning of the beginning.
Why were the cases that were so hard to find before the decade of the 1990s, 1999.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answer to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than you can see with the slow and capital of science that with the power power of the nation.
For most of the 20th century, the doctors told a story about what the car is, and how it was found out, but that story turned out to be fascinating, and the consequences of the same are having an important impact in the global health health.
There was a second story of the car that had been lost and forget in the dark lines of the clinical level.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a pressure professor, Leonardo Kenya, from the hospital.
They could be fun for hours going through the hands of their face, but they were present from the private for the media as when they didn't put their favorite play in their own place without knowing them.
In the basis of the patients working in their classic -- Kanzi special that the car is very radical.
And by the decade of 1990, as a major activity of the world in the world, I decided that I had seen less than 150 real cases of their simulation while I got reports of places as far as South Africa.
And this is actually not going to be about it, because the creatures of Katrina for the audience of cars were really resourced.
For example, I'm going to give you that slide to children with constructions, but now we know that electricity is very common in the audience.
One time he had turned up to nine in every 10 children sent by other doctors to their colleagues to be an car without giving them a distance of an automobile.
Kanzi was a smart man, but part of their theory weren't controlled.
And I was able to change the car as a form of individual physics came out by fragment and failures.
These kids, he said, they have been kept in a record that doesn't describe it.
At the same time, Kanta noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that act in certain areas like music.
One of the children in their clinical could be able to be able to do between 18 searches before the two years.
When his mother put one of their favorite disasters, he said, "Be really said, "Be "George.
But 99 had a bad view of these skills -- making things like the kids were just going to remember what they had heard to their parents and destructions to win their application.
As a result, the car became a source of resources for the families and two generations of kids were sent to institutions for their own well, to become invisible for the world.
And it was not to the decades of 1990 that the researchers started to test the theory.
Lego World, Program Columbia Program -- I thought that the theory of the early mothers of Kanzi was pretty strange.
And she and her wife and his wife were clear and advantage, and they had a deep analysis called Sun.
Life and John knew how hard it was to create a little girl like Steven without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources.
In order to stop the National National service that they needed more resources for the kids and their families and their families and his colleagues and his colleague John Decoson decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They gave a study of color in the general population.
They lost a subject of London called Berkeley to try to find kids in the community.
What they saw was that the model of Kanzi was too limited -- because the reality of the car was much more color and fun.
Some kids couldn't talk at all.
In the other way, these kids were not going to go up in barriers and savings, as James, and they saw a lot of them -- much more than the modern model of Kanzi would have grown up.
At first, they were lost by trying to make sense to their data.
How did no one had been lost from these kids before.
But then I found a relationship to a published article in 1960s, the next year to the architecture of Kanzi, and then then you get up under the cards of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember to you.
Kanzi knew about this article of compassion -- but I was able to show it in their own work.
There was not even a transition to the English -- but of course, the man of Lego was talking about, and he brought it to it.
The pain is just an alternative story of the audience.
His car was a man named Hollywood Sance, which is going to give an interesting climate with a high school in the 1970s in the 1970s.
The ideas of analyzing children for children with learning of learning they were protecting even for the entire stations.
The hands in their clinical started with electronics with music, and the kids follow their games on the later.
Instead of coming to the parents to cause autonomous, and I was going to describe it as a political diversity of life that I would have to do with common forms of support and space spaces during the entire life.
Instead of trying to treat kids in their clinical as patients -- and I used to call them their little teachers -- and it was going to help us in the development of education.
And I mean, Supermassive saw the car as a different context that would take a sense of distances and discovery.
He believed that the car and the cars were common and they always have been able to be looking at this point in the architecture in the collection as the social social scientists and the teacher structure and the teachers showed up.
He was even beyond to say, that for the success in science and art.
Life and Jerusalem found that 18 was wrong.
In the next few years, they worked on the United States of the U.S. American activist to take the diversity of the dinosaurs that they would reduce the diversity of what they called an authority of what they called authoritarian.
And at the end of the 80 and the beginning of the 99 percent, their changes went out in the view, and they are going to send the limitation of Katrina for you and even and even Albert Alexander.
These changes didn't go back in the right room.
Therefore, when Lab and Jewish would work in the banks to reduce these criminals, people around the world look at an active adult for the first time.
Before I was reading Mars Mars, in 1998, just a little charge, I was going to go up for experiments I knew what it was -- but after the activity activity of Design Harvard like Railian Bangladesh and the record of Rome Mars, with four presentations and parents all over the world know what the automobiliar was.
At the same time, they were interested in the very first clinical trials to use to make the audience.
I didn't have to have a connection with that little example of experiments to get a device for his child.
The community of Rome Mars, the changes in the creatures and the interview of these products created an effect of network -- a perfect area of the audience.
The number of dinosaurs started to stand out, just like Park and Japanese, in fact, they would expect that it was going to be that people with high and their families finally had the support and the services that they would do.
So Albert Washington was going to go to the values for the increase in the disasters -- a simple -- and it would have a lot of creative story as bad as the anti-class theory that the audience.
If the current approach of the question that one in the United States in the United States are in the spectrum -- it's right, the cars are one of the largest microscope groups in the world.
In the last few years, people have been used in the Internet to reduce the idea that they are the people to solve for the new doctors of doctors -- accepted to the terrible technique, to celebrate the variety of human behavior.
So one way to understand innovation is to think about terms of human systems.
The fact that a fish doesn't work with Washington, it doesn't mean it's round.
In the authority of the authorities -- the normal human brain is easily destruction, absolutely social -- and it comes out of an attention.
However, the car people have hard to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still coming up to Sun, which believed that the cardiologist for the most advanced aspects of cars are found in the understanding of the markets, emotional communities -- and the parents in the potential of their children.
A advantage woman called Zealand Zame once said, "We need all the hands in the way to understand the barrier of human humanity.
As we get into a future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to make the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't allow us to do a brain.
Thank you.
